<html><head><meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8"/></head><body>Introduction: What Is Called Thinking by Heidegger?Much rests on knowing what this means: thinking.Heidegger, Bremen and Freiburg Lectures Insight into ThatWhich Is and Basic Principles of ThinkingWe come to know what it means to think when we ourselves try to think. If theattempt is to be successful, we must be ready to learn thinking.Heidegger, What Is Called Thinking?Despite the fact that Descartes said it,1 it still is true that we are essentiallythinkers – we just have to define what that means. Heidegger would agree withthe statement and argue that thinking it at a deep level requires us to rethinkevery word in it: we, are, essentially, thinkers.We think: thinking is not something I do on my own, sitting alone in a cabinwith the world placed at a distance. We think with and within a historicallysituated community, one that makes us who we are as we reciprocally let it bewhat it is. I can never think except from a we and with a we; no one can.We are. It’s not that we are because we think but that we think because we areas thinkers. One reason the question of being necessarily comes is that all thingsdo what they do because they are what they are, although this very point startsbreaking down these distinctions. For Heidegger, all inquiries must look to thekind of being of the entity being inquired into.We are essentially. Essences for Heidegger are more like active engagementsthan properties or states; he sometimes uses an older form of the word foressence as a verb: wesen, ‘to essence.’ To be is to behave in certain waysthrough time rather than sitting stolidly self-identically.We essence as thinkers. One of the main ways that we are is by thinking,getting struck by ideas, wondering and dwelling on them, seeking explanationsand gathering reasons to make sense of our lives. Thoughts are not preliminariesto action but are our highest activity, our ergon to use Aristotle’s term. Thus, toknow ourselves, we must think about thinking. Most philosophers do, but fewgive it the deep, sustained pondering that Heidegger did. Heidegger dwelt onthinking; he made it his philosophical dwelling.The project of Being and Time, his early magnum opus, is to understandbeing. However, to understand the deepest, broadest, most perplexing, and, atthe same time, closest and simplest topic there is, we have to understand how weunderstand anything at all. We must first understand understanding in order tounderstand what it is to understand being. You could say, then, that the entirebook is ultimately about thinking.1 “I am, then, in the strict sense only a thing that thinks” (Descartes/ed. Cottingham et al., 2013, 18).Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/97810094669292 The Philosophy of Martin HeideggerThe part of the book that got published2 is a sustained attempt to understandus insofar as we can be aware of anything – what he calls “Dasein.” This“existential analytic” is intended to serve as the foundation of the study ofbeing, which may strike some as something of a non sequitur (Heidegger, 1962,34/13). It’s justified when we think about the interdependence between themeaning of being and a being that can understand it. Think about seeing. Wediscover the visibility of being by studying human sight, which we get at byexamining the anatomy of the eyeball, the visual part of the brain, and so on.Understanding how we see tells us what we can see, and so what of reality canbe seen. Similarly, we analyze Dasein’s way of being in order to fully comprehend our understanding, which will show us what it means for anything to beunderstandable – the meaning of being (Heidegger, 1962, 424/372). This is thebasic strategy of Being and Time.Division I of the book favors something of a pragmatic view of thinking,according to which it is organized by and around our projects. This innovativeconception emphasizes tacit skills over articulate conscious thinking, knowhow more than knowing-that. Division II then turns to a more existentialstepping back from all projects in a mood of existential dread that liberates usto become authentic.Wonder, the beginning of philosophy for Plato and Aristotle, comes to theforefront in his later thoughts. As perhaps the only thinkers in existence, wehave a kind of responsibility to respond thoughtfully to being’s provocationsand solicitations to think. This should not be carried out as a grave duty butrather celebrated as a festival.Heidegger’s later work portrays thinking as reciprocal instead of the traditional view of spontaneous, autonomous control, the source of transcendentalphilosophy, technology, and nihilism. Thinking becomes something we do withand for being instead of to beings on our own for ourselves. It is a cooperationrather than a cooptation, a releasement of thoughts rather than a grasping ofconcepts, an attending and tending to beings that allows them to come forth andfully be what they are, like nurturing a plant to its flourishing. This account ofreason may help overcome the nihilism that he thinks traditional notions ofthinking have led us into. After the death of God we may no longer be able to beworshipful servants of a divinity, but we can still be the thinkers of being,standing in awe before the fact that anything is at all.Every painting tells us to cherish and delight in the way the world fits ourvision, beauty raising the two into their reciprocal essencing height. Every piece2 See Braver, 2015b for a number of Heidegger experts’ views on what the missing portion mighthave been like.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 3of music is a revelling in hearing. So philosophizing is a celebration of the factthat being can be thought, that the world around us yields to concepts that jointogether into arguments which can lead us to entirely new ways of thinkingwhich in turn open up further ways of celebrating the world and living out ourlives. Along with everything else that it is, an argument is a work of art in themedium of ideas, and all works of art carry the same message: “at bottom, theordinary is not ordinary; it is extraordinary” (Heidegger, 1993a, 179). Thesimplest, most ubiquitous fact there is – the fact of the there is – is what therenow is for us, and it is astonishing in its unsurpassable mundanity. “Everythingin what is most usual (beings) becomes in wonder the most unusual in this onerespect: that it is what it is” (Heidegger, 1994a, 144). There are, of course, manythemes in the decades of his later thought, but they all gather around ourthinking of being in some way or other. Heidegger’s great talent was to neverstop being amazed, to never lose his philosophical wonder or stop thinkingabout thinking, everything he writes being an invitation to join him at the “feastof thought” (Heidegger, 1993a, 144).There are two parts to this Element, dividing along the main turn inHeidegger’s own path of thinking. Part I examines Heidegger’s early thinkingand view of thinking as it surfaces in Divisions I and II of Being and Time. PartII turns to the way of thinking Heidegger took in later years. The aim throughoutis to unpack both how he thinks and what he takes thinking to be, i.e., what heshows us and what he says about thinking. I will be organizing the Parts aroundshort statements about what thinking is for Heidegger – e.g., “thinking isinterested,” “thinking is temporal,” “thinking is wondrous,” and so on – eachof which will serve as something like a thesis statement for its section.Part I Early HeideggerWe can learn thinking only if we radically unlearn what thinking has been traditionally.Heidegger, What Is Called Thinking?, 8I Division I of Being and Time: Thoughtful Knowing-How to GetAround in the WorldThinking Thinks the History of ThinkingFrom the beginning to the end of his long career, Heidegger believed that thinkingis historical. Thinking takes place as a conversation with the tradition because ittakes place within the tradition, as our predecessors give place to us. “Our ownway derives from such [traditional] thinking. It therefore remains necessarilybound to a dialogue with traditional thinking. And since our way is concernedwith thinking for the specific purpose of learning it, the dialogue must discuss theDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/97810094669294 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggernature of traditional thinking” (Heidegger, 1968, 55). Thinking about thinking is,of course, itself an act of thinking, being both the topic thought about and thethinking about it. This makes all these thoughts we’ll be looking at reflexivebecause any conclusions they reach about their subject automatically apply tothemselves. If thinking is historical, then, thinking of the historicality of thoughtmust be as well: thinking about historical thinking can only be done historically.Most thinkers do so naively, unaware of the context informing their inquiry oreven in denial of it. Understanding the nature of thinking, however, requires us tofully appreciate how that context informs all inquiry, including that one.Thinking of thinking must, dizzyingly, become a historical thinking of thehistory of thinking about historical thinking, as Heidegger realizes in theIntroduction to Being and Time:The ownmost meaning of Being which belongs to the inquiry into Being as anhistorical inquiry, gives us the assignment of inquiring into the history of thatinquiry itself ... . By positively making the past our own, we may bringourselves into full possession of the ownmost possibilities of such inquiry.The question of the meaning of Being ... thus brings itself to the point whereit understands itself as historiological. (Heidegger, 1962, 42/20–21)To move forward, inquiry must go back. To think about thinking in a new wayrequires a thoughtful immersion in the old ways, and much of Heidegger’s workis taken up with examinations of previous philosophers’ thoughts about thenature of thought.Traditional Thinking Thinks of Thinking as Articulate and ThematicWhen Socrates questioned people in his dialogues, he demanded that they come upwith explicit, articulate definitions that captured the essence of their subject inlogically consistent accounts. The interlocutors’ inability to do so exposed theirlack of knowledge and, perhaps more importantly, their lack of thinking. The factthat they did not realize how shabby their beliefs were showed how little examination they had given them. Since beliefs determine actions for Socrates, living theunexamined life meant believing unexamined beliefs, whereas the life worth livingis dedicated to thinking through one’s thoughts, poring over them and improvingthem until they can withstand Socrates’ examination. Only explicit, thematicanalysis can determine the worth of thoughts and yield truth; its absence can give,at best, lucky guesses. This has been one of the models, if not the primary model ofthinking and knowledge in philosophy ever since. Let us call it the Platonic Model.33 Of course, there are multiple interpretations of Plato, many of which would diverge from thisreading.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 5We can see the Platonic Model in, for example, Augustine’s famous frustration about time: when no one asks him what time is, he can deal with it perfectlywell; but if anyone asks him to define it, he suddenly has no idea what to say,paralyzed like Socrates’ interlocutors. His theoretical inability to tell us whattime is undermines for him his practical ability to tell what time it is.4 Togeneralize extravagantly, most philosophers have followed Plato’s lead, leavinganother epistemological path relatively unexplored: what would happen if wetake seriously that mundane capability to deal with time, the know-how oftiming and showing up on time that Augustine scoffs at? Perhaps wanderingdown such paths heretofore relatively untraveled is one way, “by positivelymaking the past our own, we may bring ourselves into full possession of theownmost possibilities of such inquiry” (Heidegger, 1962, 42/21).Heidegger wrote on Aristotle a great deal and he took a few steps down thispath. Plato says that knowledge is virtue – you must know what virtue is in order tobe virtuous and just knowing it makes you virtuous. But for Aristotle, virtue isknowledge – if you behave virtuously and demonstrate virtue in your actions, thenyou ipso facto possess the relevant knowledge. “Some people who lack knowledgebut have experience are better in action than others who have knowledge”(Aristotle, 2019, VI.7.1141b16-19). The skill is not a rudimentary approximationor preparatory step to its true form of a logical, articulated account. No, this kind ofthinking and knowledge is embodied in its enactment.Thinking Is Pragmatic. Most philosophers base their views of human natureon some specialized, atypical quality or activity – usually theoretical contemplation, though others such as worship or citizenship crop up here and there.Instead of understanding us beginning from what we do one percent of the time,Heidegger wants to start from what we do ninety-nine percent of the time – ouraverage everydayness where our thinking is wrapped up in what we are doingrather than a matter of abstract rumination. “I cannot adequately define theconcept of understanding if, in trying to make the definition, I look solely tospecific types of cognitive comportment” (Heidegger, 1988, 275).So what do we do most of the time? Well, we do stuff – we drive cars, eatsandwiches, go swimming, as well as several other things. We act, interactingwith things and people to accomplish goals, and we do this far more and muchearlier than abstract thinking.5 Many argue that all of that behavior can only take4 Note: while I have been using a theory–practice dichotomy to get the basic ideas across quicklyand easily, Heidegger’s more complete account rejects any such clean division. Contemplation,after all, is one of the duties of a professional philosopher, as I inform my wife when she tells methat I’m not paid to think. 5 Some scholars, such as Richard Rorty (1979, 1982, 1991) and Mark Okrent (1988), have foundcommon ground between Heidegger’s views and American pragmatism, as did Dewey. “SidneyHook reports, for instance, that John Dewey, after hearing a summary of Being and Time,Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/97810094669296 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerplace on the basis of intellectual convictions. I picked up the hammer becauseI held the belief that hammering in nails is the best way to build this bookshelf,that building this bookshelf is a good thing to do, and that this is a hammer.Thinking must always be present before and beneath our actions, rather than justgenerally going along thoughtlessly.Heidegger argues that most of the time when we hammer, we’re just hammering. There need not be any explicit thoughts about the hammer or the goal orreally anything at all. We retroactively place beliefs underneath our actionswhen we stop acting to theoretically reconstruct what had been happening,bullied into a belief in beliefs by the tradition’s cognitivism. “I picked up thehammer, so I must have had the thought that that’s what it was.” This is nota good phenomenological description of what actually occurred but rather anartifact of the tradition’s influence (as well as another reason we will soondiscuss). If we describe what actually happened more carefully, we come upwith a very different account:In such dealings an entity of this kind is not grasped thematically as anoccurring Thing, nor is the equipment-structure known as such even in theusing. The hammering does not simply have knowledge about the hammer’scharacter as equipment, but it has appropriated this equipment in a way whichcould not possibly be more suitable ... . When we deal with them by usingthem and manipulating them, this activity is not a blind one; it has its ownkind of sight, by which our manipulation is guided. (Heidegger, 1962, 98/69)The notion that there had to be some cognitive element like knowledge or beliefmotivating or justifying our action is not supported by the evidence but bya twenty-five-century-long presupposition.The point isn’t that we use thingsinstead of understanding them. That takes thePlatonic Model as the only genuine form of knowledge so that if we lack that, wesimply have nothing. Of course I understood the tool – I picked up the lump ofmetal with a stick of wood attached and slammed a piece of metal into someboards with it; I didn’t use it to pick up a cat or eat soup. Picking out the right itemand using it appropriately gives clear evidence of understanding, but one thatdoesn’t fit the Platonic Model of understanding well. Heidegger argues thata distinct form of understanding is operative in our activities that, if captured incognitive terms, can only appear as a poor form of contemplation, as it did toAugustine who scorned his ability to meet his friends for lunch at noon. This isunderstanding not in the sense of having thematic knowledge but “with thesignification of ‘being able to manage something’” (Heidegger, 1962, 183/143);remarked ‘that it sounded as if a German peasant were trying to render parts of [Dewey’s book]Experience and Nature into his daily idiom’” (Guignon, 1983, 1).Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 7one understands “in the sense of being skilled or expert at it, has the know-how ofit” (Heidegger, 1988, 276). This know-how is clearly a kind of intelligence butone which operates with completely different rules from the Platonic Model’sknowing-that:We are after the most common kind of everyday perception and nota perception in the emphatic sense, in which we observe only for the sakeof observing. Natural perception as I live in it in moving about my world is forthe most part not a detached observation and scrutiny of things, but is ratherabsorbed in dealing with the matters at hand concretely and practically ... topave the way in dealing with something. (Heidegger, 1985, 30)He calls this intelligence “circumspection” [Umsicht] (Heidegger, 1962, 98/69)and a good bit of Division I is spent delineating its features along with the thingsit understands (equipment) and the being who understands them (Dasein).6This has proven to be a fruitful and influential idea. It formed an importantinspiration for the work of Hubert Dreyfus, arguably the most importantAmerican Heidegger scholar.7 In the mid-1960s, the RAND corporation askedhim to evaluate early AI work.8 In order to make an artificial intelligence, herealized, one had to have a good sense of what intelligence is. Drawing onHeidegger, along with Meleau-Ponty and Wittgenstein, Dreyfus concluded thatthe programmers’ work was unlikely to succeed because it used the PlatonicModel of thinking, which came to be called GOFAI for Good Old-Fashioned AI.9The GOFAI model tried to construct thinkers out of enormous sets of facts andrules; these were the kinds of things a computer could compute and they fitSocrates’ demands. But, as Heidegger argued, “understanding can never begained by amassing a large quantity of information and proofs. On the contrary,all knowing, cognitive proving, and the producing of arguments, sources, and thelike always already presuppose understanding” (Heidegger, 1985, 259–260). Themost powerful computers’ inability to comprehend what a four-year-old cangrasp with ease served as a reductio of GOFAI’s conception of intelligence.There has sprung up in his wake a minor school of Heideggerian programmingand Rodney Brooks, the later head of robotics at Massachusetts Institute of6 Two excellent books on the contrast between Being and Time and traditional epistemology areCharles Guignon’s Heidegger and the Problem of Knowledge and John Richardson’s ExistentialEpistemology: A Heideggerian Critique of the Cartesian Project. 7 Dreyfus also allegedly served as the model for Professor Hubert J. Farnsworth in the TV showFuturama. The only academic achievement I ever had that impressed my kids was havingProfessor Farnsworth blurb my book. 8 Dreyfus describes this in What Computers Still Can’t Do, Mind Over Machine, and “Overcomingthe Myth of the Mental.” See Mind, Reason, and Being-in-the-World: The McDowell-DreyfusDebate for an extensive discussion of this topic. 9 See Haugeland, 1985; Winograd and Flores, 1986; Clark, 1998; Kiverstein and Wheeler, 2012.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/97810094669298 The Philosophy of Martin HeideggerTechnology, has said that he finds (what he has heard of) Heidegger’s thought tobe close to his own work (Brooks, 1991).Dreyfus and his brother also combined Heidegger’s ideas with empiricalresearch to devise a multiple-stage model of skill acquisition. This placesconscious thought at the beginning and the bottom: when we are first learninga skill, we have to self-consciously and rigidly obey rules with crude and clumsyresults. As our aptitude increases, conscious control and even awareness fadeout until we can achieve the state that psychologist Csikszentmihalyi calls“flow.” This is the complete absorption in what we’re doing that produces themost skilled activity. Athletes who start consciously thinking about their actionsdrop down levels until their explicit awareness submerges once more, overturning the traditional privilege that conscious thematic thinking has enjoyed overtacit action. While philosophers have generally cited people’s lack of thinkingas a profound flaw – leading to lives not worth living – Heidegger argues thatthis nonthematic engagement is a distinct and legitimate form of mental activity,one that is superior to contemplation in the vast majority of situations we findourselves in.Thinking Is Interested. Heidegger thus sets aside the traditional image ofcold, objective logic as the core of thought for circumspection. This is motivatedby what he calls care, the next level down in his existential analytic of Daseinwhich lies beneath and accounts for our being-in-the-world. You are in-theworld by pursuing your projects and you do what you do because it matters toyou who you are. This view of thinking as intrinsically interested divergeswidely from the traditional disinterested subject contemplating the world asa separate object.Circumspection is primarily directed at equipment (what Heidegger callsready-to-hand beings), but that is a very broad category. It can encompass notjust hammers and baseball gloves but just about anything you use or interactwith in the course of going about your daily affairs. Circumspection is engagedand motivated; you only seek out equipment in pursuit of a desired goal and canonly recognize something as a tool by seeing how it gets you want you want.You pick up the hammer not to learn the objective truth about it but because youwant to build a bookshelf, which in turn you want in order to put your books on,so that you can be the professional scholar you want to be. This is the know-howwe live in everyday. “The kind of dealing which is closest to us is as we haveshown, not a bare perceptual cognition, but rather that kind of concern whichmanipulates things and puts them to use; and this has its own kind of ‘knowledge’” (Heidegger, 1962, 95/67). This is a kind of thinking because it dealsintelligently with the world, orienting our understanding of it and action in it, allin terms of a meaning – just one that is generally not articulated or thematic.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 9The kind of being belonging to letting the world be encountered in the primarymode of concern is itself one of understanding ... . This primary state of knowingone’s way about belongs essentially to in-being ... . But this implies thatunderstanding primarily does not mean a mode of knowing at all, unless knowingitself has been seen as a constitutive state of being for being-in-the-world ... .Understanding absorption in the world discovers the world, the referentialconnections in what they uniquely are, in their meaning. An understandingconcern thus encounters what is understood – meaning. (Heidegger, 1985, 209)Since it is the understanding of the meaning of being that the book is after, thisreformation and expansion of what that means is an important step.This emphasis on interestedness further distinguishes his account from thetraditional one that condemns any kind of emotion or interest as biasing anddistorting. Kant went so far as to say that “the inclinations themselves, being sourcesof needs, are so far from having an absolute value such as to render them desirablefor their own sake that the universal wish of every rational being must be, rather, tobe wholly free from them” (Kant, 2010, 35/428). Heidegger, however, sees moodsas inextricably intermixed with thoughts – “man is not a rational creature who ... inaddition to thinking and willing is equipped with feelings; ... rather, the state offeeling is original, although in such a way that thinking and willing belong togetherwith it” (Heidegger, 1979 vol. 1, 51). Rather than being impediments to properunderstanding, they are capable of revealing features of the world that cognitioncannot (Heidegger, 1962, 173/134). For example, a tool can only show up asinadequate or broken to a being attempting to use it for a purpose; a hammerthat’s broken is still a perfectly fine piece of wood and metal:When something cannot be used – when, for instance, a tool definitely refusesto work – it can be conspicuous only in and for dealings in which something ismanipulated. Even by the sharpest and most persevering ‘perception’ and‘representation’ of Things, one can never discover anything like the damaging of a tool. If we are to encounter anything unmanageable, the handlingmust be of such a sort that it can be disturbed.10Equipment can only be encountered as equipment by using it, which only occurswhen one is emotionally attuned to a goal by being motivated toward it, which is10 Heidegger, 1962, 406/354–355. “To be affected by the unserviceable, resistant, or threateningcharacter [Bedrohlichkeit] of that which is ready-to-hand, becomes ontologically possible onlyin so far as Being-in as such has been determined existentially beforehand in such a manner thatwhat it encounters within-the-world can “matter” to it in this way. The fact that this sort of thingcan ‘matter’ to it is grounded in one’s state-of-mind ... . Only something which is in the state-ofmind of fearing (or fearlessness) can discover that what is environmentally ready-to-hand isthreatening. Dasein’s openness to the world is constituted existentially by the attunement ofa state-of-mind” (Heidegger, 1962, 176/137). See Braver 2013b.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692910 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerwhy John Haugeland memorably said, “the trouble with artificial intelligence isthat computers don’t give a damn.”11The theoretical standpoint that has dominated philosophy originates in thechange-over from ready-to-hand tools to present-at-hand objects. While working, I was lost in “a non-thematic circumspective absorption” (Heidegger, 1962,107/76) in my world and projects. But when a tool breaks, it puts me ata distance from what I had been using, turning the inconspicuous ready-tohand tool into a conspicuous present-at-hand object. While I’m driving alongthe road I don’t think about the steering wheel and pedals as physical objects;I just think about what I’m going to do when I arrive, or about nothing much atall. But if the engine sputters and stops, the car suddenly pops back into focus,squeezing out everything else. It becomes present-at-hand, the kind of beingthat things have when we just stare at them; since philosophy inherently takesa disengaged contemplative stance, it only encounters present-at-hand objects.Metaphysicians then define the world as inert things just lying around withphysical properties because that’s how they show up to disinterestedreflection.12 Philosophy has always missed this kind of being because lookingat the world through a contemplative eye blinds us to it. “Equipment cangenuinely show itself only in dealings cut to its own measure (hammeringwith a hammer, for example)” (Heidegger, 1962, 98/69).We now find ourselves needing to make a connection between our isolatedthinking subject and the objects to be thought about, because our artificial stancehas removed the connection that is always already there. And the only resourcewe have to make this connection is the one activity that is still there and soapparently defines us: thinking. Recall that Descartes found himself to beessentially a thinking thing after he had carefully suspended all other activities.“Today I have expressly rid my mind of all worries and arranged for myselfa clear stretch of free time. I am quite alone, and at last I will devote myselfsincerely and without reservation to the general demolition of my opinions”(Descartes/ed. Cottingham et al., 2013, 12). These seemingly innocuous preparations predetermined the results he could find. Our initial contact with theworld seems like it can only be made by our knowing it, which raisesthe question of how we can be certain of this epistemological bridge from theprivacy of our minds to the public world and the need to secure this certainty.Thus skepticism and foundationalism are contained in embryo in the initiatingact of sitting down to just think.11 Haugeland, 1998, 47. Antonio Damasio (2015) has written extensively on the role emotion playsin cognition in Descartes’ Error: Emotion, Reason, and the Human Brain. 12 As with many topics in this short Element on a large topic, there is considerably more complexitythat can be explored on this topic.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 11Thinking Is Ontological and Interpretive. Invoking ontology and interpretation may sound like a departure from my initial characterization of thinking aspragmatic and mundane, but that’s only according to the view of ontology asa practice of coming up with theories. The very first page of Being and Timedisputes this characterization when it announces, “our aim in the followingtreatise is to work out the question of the meaning of Being and to do soconcretely” (Heidegger, 1962, 19/1). An inquiry into the meaning of beingthat can be done concretely must be quite different from the abstract ruminations we get from Plato or Descartes.Heidegger firmly rejects the idea of an immediate, “presuppositionlessapprehending of something presented to us” (Heidegger, 1962, 191–192/150).We interpret everything we experience, usually not in an explicit or consciousprocess but nevertheless one that shapes all of our experience. The “objective”characterization of the world offered by philosophy or science is simply anotherinterpretation that is based on a particular understanding of being. It doesn’tgive us The World as it is independent of all Dasein but the way the world looksto us when we look at it in a particular way. “Only ‘in the light’ of a Naturewhich has been projected in this fashion can anything like a ‘fact’ be found....In principle there are no ‘bare facts’” (Heidegger, 1962, 414/362). Rather thanbeing basic or foundational, he considers it derivative of our everyday pragmatic interaction. “When we merely stare at something, our just-having-itbefore-us lies before us as a failure to understand it any more. This graspingwhich is free of the ‘as’, is a privation of the kind of seeing in which one merelyunderstands. It is not more primordial than that kind of seeing, but is derivedfrom it” (Heidegger, 1962, 190/149).One thing that the inescapability of interpretation means is that our encounters with and uses of beings are always mediated by an understanding of theirbeing. That does not sound like the kind of thing the average person in the streethas and indeed, Heidegger does not think we have the kind of thematic articulatetheory that would satisfy Socrates. We have what he calls a preontologicalunderstanding:One can determine the nature of entities in their Being without necessarilyhaving the explicit concept of the meaning of Being at one’s disposal ... .This ‘presupposing’ of Being has rather the character of taking a look at itbeforehand, so that in the light of it the entities presented to us get provisionallyArticulated in their Being. (Heidegger, 1962, 27/7–8)Heidegger argues that we must have a “vague average understanding of Being”because “we always conduct our activities in an understanding of Being”(Heidegger, 1962, 25/5). Hammers are a kind of equipment, like alarm clocksDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692912 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerand forks, which all share a common way of being despite their differences.I must have some kind of grasp of that way of being because I know how tointeract with tools in general as opposed to other types of beings. “In ourdealings with what is ready-to-hand, this readiness-to-hand is itself understood,though not thematically” (Heidegger, 1962, 104/74). The fact that I know whatkind of things they are and how one should generally treat them is shown by thefact that I don’t ask a hammer’s permission before using it whereas I would askyour permission before using you. I reflexively treat people differently thanshoes (on good days) because I unconsciously (“pre-ontologically”) understandtheir distinct types of being.In the same way, it is only in light of our understanding of our own existencethat we know that we have to act at all instead of just sitting there like a stone.Heidegger’s notion of authenticity in Division II means living in a way that isappropriate to the kind beings that we are. One of the central aims of Being andTime (as we have it) is to correct our tendency to understand ourselves in termsof a different, inappropriate mode of being.13 To become what we are is to graspthe nature of our existence and deliberately live in ways that are harmoniouswith it. Since the tradition has only supplied us with a detailed analysis andterminology suitable to presence-at-hand, Heidegger is rectifying this by givingus an existential analytic along with one of readiness-to-hand, that is, anexplanation of the understanding of the being of Dasein and equipment.However, this only makes explicit what was already implicit in our behavior.As with Platonic recollection, Heidegger is not introducing something whollynew to us but rather reminding us of what we don’t know that we know.Thinking Is Social. Like many other philosophers, Kant defines reason as theability to think for ourselves without external factors such as our society orupbringing influencing or emotions determining our conclusions. We can dothis because reason is a priori and can thus close off all alien, empiricalinfluences. Everything that impinges on our thinking is external to our trueselves and must be suspended when we reason if it is truly to be us reasoning.This is autonomy, which is both a practical and theoretical goal in his systemand can be found throughout the history of philosophy. Descartes doubtedeverything he had been taught just because he had been taught it, needing toreach his conclusions by his own efforts and Socrates chastises his interlocutorsfor mindlessly mumbling the common wisdom of their time.13 “Substructures of entities with another kind of Being (presence-at-hand or life) thrust themselvesto the fore unnoticed, and threaten to bring confusion to the interpretation of this phenomenon”(Heidegger, 1962, 285/241). See my discussion of what I call the existential imperative in Braver2014.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 13Division I of Being and Time describes Dasein as inherently social and, exceptfor parts of Chapter IV, in generally neutral terms. “Dasein in itself is essentiallyBeing-with” (Heidegger, 1962, 156/120) is Heidegger’s version of Aristotle’s“humans are a social/political [politikon] animal” (Aristotle, 1988, Politics,1253a2-3), hence our thinking too is inescapably social. Our sociality is nota result of the fact that we happen to be around other people; it is built into usfrom the start. “Dasein is determined from the very outset by being-with others”(Heidegger, 1988, 296). We could not have gained our understanding of the beingof others from empirical encounters with them since we would not have been ableto recognize these entities as other people to generalize from without that categoryin place. “‘Empathy’ does not first constitute Being-with; only on the basis ofBeing-with does ‘empathy’ become possible” (Heidegger, 1962, 162/125).The worlds I can be-in are determined by the roles available to me, and I getthose roles from my society. I can only be a professor if there’s a lot ofinstitutional scaffolding supporting it: I need students, a school, general recognition of professorship as a thing, and so on. If these are lacking, then I simplycannot be a professor, no matter how professorial my behavior. Even performingall of the same actions would no longer add up to being a professor without thatoccupation being available. It is my society that determines what it is to bea professor by laying out the tasks that constitute it and their relevant tools,which add up to that world. “The ‘they’ itself articulates the referential context ofsignificance” (Heidegger, 1962, 167/129). The “They” or the “one” [das Man] isHeidegger’s term for what Kierkegaard names ‘the crowd,’ the anonymousgroups in society that we assimilate ourselves to in our attempts to be someone.However, Heidegger complements this negative focus on the dangers of conformity with a more Hegelian account of the positive and indeed necessary roleour social plays in constituting the possibilities we exist in and as. This publicintelligibility is absolutely essential to having a world and so to being Dasein asbeing-in-the-world. Chapter IV of Division I of Being and Time gives both ofthese together in a brilliant but somewhat confusing mixture.II Division II of Being and Time: Not Knowing How to Live, NotKnowing How to DieThinking Is Existential/Ethical. Division I of Being and Time describes how wehabitually use tools to do some things in order to be some one. The tools recedeinto unnoticed inconspicuousness as we use them mindlessly, though notwithout understanding. He defends this “non-thematic circumspective absorption” (Heidegger, 1962, 107/76) that has been looked down on by the traditionwhich only recognizes explicit theoretical contemplation as legitimate thinking.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692914 The Philosophy of Martin HeideggerRather than simply nonthinking, he shows it to be a distinct and fully respectable epistemological mode of its own.When Division II returns to delve deeper into this topic, it has a moreexistentialist feel. Where Division I focuses on questions of knowledge andontology, Division II uses these analyses to turn toward questions about how tolive, moving from the meaning of hammers to the meaning of life.14 However, itdoes not leave these discussions behind, but develops and deepens them.Division II extends the analysis of the tools we use to the lives we build withthem. As the hammer withdraws as I build the bookshelf, my world as a wholewithdraws and I construct my self without thinking much about it. Taking careof my daily business keeps me from giving careful consideration to the overallproject it forms a part of, leading to lives lived absent-mindedly. The kind ofautonomic flow that Division I rehabilitated now raises concerns for its tendency to facilitate “the oblivious passing of our lives” (Heidegger, 1988, 264),just the kind of sleep-walking that existentialists generally rail against.We see this difference in the ways he describes the inconspicuousness of theself during everyday activities. He gives a factual description of how flowworks: we must be focused on the task at hand rather than on ourselves inorder to perform it smoothly.A specific kind of forgetting is essential for the temporality that is constitutivefor letting something be involved. The Self must forget itself if, lost in theworld of equipment, it is to be able ‘actually’ to go to work and manipulatesomething. (Heidegger, 1962, 405/354)However, this phenomenon takes on ominous tones of existential cowardice inhis analysis of inauthenticity.Dasein’s absorption in the ‘they’ and its absorption in the ‘world’ of itsconcern, make manifest something like a fleeing of Dasein in the face ofitself. (Heidegger, 1962, 229/184)Here it is not a matter of activities naturally absorbing our attention but rathera motivated turning away from ourselves. We don’t just naturally get lost in ourwork – we set out to lose ourselves.14 A couple of years after the publication of Being and Time, Heidegger anticipated and rejectedinterpretations that excessively focus on Division I’s analysis of everyday tool-use: “there I tookmy departure from what lies to hand in the everyday realm, from those things that we use andpursue .... It never occurred to me, however, to try and claim or prove with this interpretationthat the essence of man consists in the fact that he knows how to handle knives and forks or usethe tram” (Heidegger et al., 1995, 177). Dreyfus’ influential (and excellent) Being-in-the-World:A Commentary on Heidegger’s Being and Time, focuses almost entirely on Division I.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 15Now achieving a state of flow leads to just go with the flow, doing what onedoes in our society without actively deciding. This represents a Kierkegaardian“inconspicuous domination by Others” (Heidegger, 1962, 164/126) where wedo not lead our lives but follow what is expected, riding on the inertia ofaccepted behavior. We are defined as care, yet we live our lives carelessly.Once our existence fades into inconspicuousness as we thoughtlessly driftalong, we need something to wake us up to the fact that we’re awake. This is anexample of his extending Division I’s analyses as he turns to the account giventhere of the way “the world announces itself.” Usually, tools “are encountered as‘in themselves’ in the concern which makes use of them without noticing themexplicitly ... . But when an assignment has been disturbed – when something isunusable for some purpose – then the assignment becomes explicit” (Heidegger,1962, 105/74). We need something like the hammer breaking but on a largerscale so that it could light up our life-choices in general. Care is what pulls usinto the world as we pursue our roles and goals so if this were to stop functioning, I could no longer be-in-the-world and the entire structure would breakdown – and thereby become conspicuous.Care breaks down when we are struck by the fundamental mood of anxiety,which might be seen as something like clinical depression. This deep apathytoward everything one normally cares about ejects one from their world, leavingthem staring at it as a strange, unfamiliar thing. When nothing seems worthdoing, one’s goals no longer pull one into the world of the tools used to attainthem. One feels like they have been kicked out of the world and are now lookingat it from the outside, temporarily being-out-of-the-world. Not-being-ina-world, however, gives us the perspective we need to see our usual being-inthe-world. “The world as world is disclosed first and foremost by anxiety”(Heidegger, 1962, 232/187). This is when the questions of existential crisespress upon us – how did I get here? Is this really me? Is this really the life I wantto live? In anxiety, “the totality of involvements of the ready-to-hand or presentat-hand discovered within-the-world, is, as such, of no consequence; itcollapses ... completely lacking significance” (Heidegger, 1962, 231/186).This is horribly suffocating, but the crisis is also an opportunity to examineour lives and decide if this is really who we are and want to be, almost like anexistential form of Husserl’s transcendental bracketing.Anxiety often comes on due to nothing in particular and drifts off for noreason. We usually return with relief to the mindless round of daily activitieswhich keep us distracted and engaged, and try to forget all about the uncomfortable questions the mood put to us. However, we can instead take up thosequestions, perhaps deciding that in fact we do not like the self or the life that wehave built for ourselves through the dozens of acts and decisions takenDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692916 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerevery day. This pause gives us the opportunity to start on a different path or wecan go back to the old one but now as intentionally chosen rather than justfalling in line with what one does.Anxiety, along with the call of conscience and anticipation of death, makeme realize that I have a limited time on this planet and that I need to stopcoasting through life as one does. I need to take the reins and actively live mylife:Dasein makes no choices, gets carried along by the nobody, and thus ensnaresitself in inauthenticity. This process can be reversed only if Dasein specifically brings itself back to itself from its lostness in the “they” .... “Making up”for not choosing signifies choosing to make this choice – deciding fora potentiality-for-Being, and making this decision from one’s own Self.(Heidegger, 1962, 312–313/268)This is at least part of resolute authenticity. There is a great deal of scholarlydebate about just what this is, but it seems at least to be a way to exist excellentlyas what we are, at least somewhat like Aristotle’s notion of flourishing.Now we have a second, existential understanding of thinking and understanding to go with the practical mastery of tool-use. In Division I of Being and Time,to understand a tool was to use it competently: “interpretation is carried outprimordially not in a theoretical statement but in an action of circumspectiveconcern – laying aside the unsuitable tool” (Heidegger, 1962, 200/157). InDivision II, to understand conscience’s appeal is to make choices in fullawareness of their nullity, of their ultimate groundlessness and unjustifiability:“understanding does not primarily mean just gazing at a meaning, but ratherunderstanding oneself in that potentiality-for-Being which reveals itself inprojection” (Heidegger, 1962, 307/263).Thinking Is Temporal. Division I of Being and Time concludes by revealingcare as the foundation of its initial definition of Dasein as being-in-the-world,then Division II uncovers temporality beneath that layer. This also departsfrom the tradition. Philosophers from Plato to Schopenhauer have looked tocontemplation as a way to escape time, defining true knowledge as unchanging truths about that which does not itself change. According to an old view,a knower must share the properties of what they know in order to be able tomake successful epistemological contact with it, so our ability to know eternaltruths indicates a deep atemporality about ourselves, at least for our rationalcapacities.Heidegger adheres to this principle of knower-known concordance butreverses it, resting it on timeliness instead of timelessness. We are trying tofigure out the way to understand being by means of a study of our way of beingDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 17as the understanding being.15 Our existence has now been revealed to be atbottom temporality, so everything about us must be temporal, including ourunderstanding.16 The temporality of our understanding means that any meaningthat we understand must be temporal, up to and including the meaning of being.We understand being temporally because our understanding works temporally.“If Dasein harbors the understanding of being within itself, and if temporalitymakes possible the Dasein in its ontological constitution, then temporality mustalso be the condition of the possibility of the understanding of being”(Heidegger, 1988, 280). Heidegger announced this on the first page of thebook.17Since each level of Dasein’s existence makes the higher ones possible,finding temporality at the bottom means that everything above it – all that weare, do, and experience – occurs on the basis of time.We have given an Interpretation of some structures which are essential toDasein’s state-of-Being, and we have done so before exhibiting temporality,but with the aim of leading up to this. Our analysis of the temporality ofconcern has shown that these structures must be taken back into temporalityexistentially. (Heidegger, 1962, 421/370)Along with the existential reinterpretation of structures of Division I, DivisionII also returns to those structures to give them a temporal reading.Division I unpacked our understanding as knowing-how to use tools; nowDivision II shows how this is essentially conditioned by time. We are in-theworld by pursuing goals which by definition are not fully present, else we wouldnot be working toward bringing them about. Thought temporally, goals areessentially futural – they are what we have not yet accomplished. This not-yet,however, is not a matter of simple nonexistence. As the force driving all of myactions, future goals are more present to me than the present – just witha different kind of presence. The very presence of a tool is already futural, forwe grasp it in terms of what it can-do. Heidegger defines the being of a tool,readiness-to-hand, as an “in-order-to” which, he now explains, is what we mightcall a working-toward-something-to-come.Among the tenses, Heidegger gives priority to the future since we onlyunderstand the past and present in light reflected back from the future. First,15 “Since the being of the world becomes comprehensible in the encounter, the understanding of theentity in itself is as such revealed only in a radical interpretation of Dasein” (Heidegger, 1985, 218). 16 This is the main argument of Bill Blattner’s influential Heidegger’s Temporal Idealism. 17 “Whenever Dasein tacitly understands and interprets something like Being, it does so with timeas its standpoint. Time must be brought to light – and genuinely conceived – as the horizon for allunderstanding of Being and for any way of interpreting it. In order for us to discern this, timeneeds to be explicated primordially as the horizon for the understanding of Being, and in terms oftemporality as the Being of Dasein which understands Being” (Heidegger, 1962, 39/17).Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692918 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerwe can only understand anything at all because we are oriented towards thefuture. If we could not think about our goals, we would not seek them out and sowould not do the activities that draw us into the world – hammering this nailnow in-order-to bring the bookshelf into existence for-the-sake-of beinga scholar. Second, our future goals determine what we think about by selectivelytraining our attention on those aspects of the world relevant to our projects.Pursuing the goal of being a good professor, I enter a classroom with theintention to teach, and this task highlights certain instrumental chains asrelevant – chalkboard, lectern – while leaving others unobtrusively in thebackground. These others – the electrical system – would be in the forefrontfor someone who entered the same room with different goals, such as anelectrician. What we think about and how we think about gets retroactivelyset by these future-oriented thoughts.While the tradition has taught us that only what is present and self-identical istruly real, Dasein is always “ahead of itself ... ‘beyond itself’” (Heidegger,1962, 236/191). When I cross the room I’m already at the door, otherwiseI would not get up in the first place nor know where to walk to. As we haveseen, this understanding is not necessarily a thematic, theoretical understanding; our thinking of them is embodied in our actions.Here we can see how Division II’s two understandings of our way of being –the existential and the temporal – come together. All of our intelligent behavioris futural as we project the kind of person we seek to be. To be one of these rolesor for-the-sakes-of-which such as a teacher or electrician means doing therelevant activities with the appropriate equipment in the right kinds of contexts.But since these activities are all teleological, they can only continue as long asthey are not fulfilled. The point at which all requirements of a role have beenfulfilled does not represent the moment when I truly and fully am that role, butrather the moment I stop being it. Being a student means doing all the activitiesthat will eventually lead to graduation; that is the future goal which retroactivelyguides and organizes the time and actions of being a student. Since that is theculmination, as long as one is pursuing it one never purely and simply is it;being a student means always being on the way toward being a student. Whenyou arrive at its culmination and walk across the stage, the second you take thediploma into your hand, you are no longer a student but a graduate – an exstudent. Thus, the traditional notion of understanding as basking in the presenceof a completely present object of knowledge that stills our restless drives simplycannot fit an entity like Dasein. We are in-the-world like sharks in water – wekeep moving forward, or we die. Heidegger’s model of thinking accommodatesthis intrinsic “incompleteness,” not as a flaw due to our finitude but asa necessary feature of the only kind of thinking we can engage in or evenDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 19recognize. This fits his ontology which accommodates nonbeing into being,absence into presence, possibility into actuality, and the future into the present.“Any Dasein always exists in just such a manner that its ‘not-yet’ belongs to it”(Heidegger, 1962, 287/243).However, while Heidegger prioritizes the future, the past plays an essentialrole. Authenticity requires us to decide for ourselves what for-the-sake-ofwhich we will choose, but these come from our society. This is the positive,constitutive role that society plays in Being and Time. There are no functions,roles, or actions set aside by reality or God as the ones we must properly do.Instead, they are made possible by the worldly scaffolding of our community,and only ones sanctioned and recognized in the public sphere are open to us.These do not come from nature either, but from history, the “more concreteworking out of temporality” (Heidegger, 1962, 434/382). Thus, it is theirculture’s historical heritage that shapes the array of ways of being a humanand living a life available to any individual Dasein and, as these for-the-sakes-of-which are what shape our thinking, people in different historical periods aregoing to think and see the world in fundamentally different ways.Temporality is not made up of three tenses conjoined, or of moments that donot yet exist, are in the present, and then no longer exist. Rather, they are allintertwined in a way that each enables and makes sense of the others. Thisstructure is also present in understanding.Dasein ‘is’ its past in the way of its own Being, which, to put it roughly,‘historizes’ out of its future on each occasion. Whatever the way of being itmay have at the time, and thus with whatever understanding of Being it maypossess, Dasein has grown up both into and in a traditional way of interpreting itself: in terms of this it understands itself proximally and, within a certainrange, constantly. By this understanding, the possibilities of its Being aredisclosed and regulated. (Heidegger, 1962, 41/20)Our past heritage offers us the future-oriented for-the-sakes-of-which which thenmake the past and present intelligible in a mutually enabling virtuous circle.Thinking Is Reflexive. As we pointed out at the beginning of our discussion, thethinking that animates Being and Time is reflexive from the start in its attempt tounderstand understanding. The lessons that it learns apply to the process by whichit learned them, as thinking is both the subject thought about and the subjectthinking about it. The last quarter or so of the book argues that because Dasein istemporal and time takes the concrete form of history, everything about Dasein hasto be historical. The never-published second part of Being and Time was going toapply this conclusion about the historicality of thinking to itself by tracing howKant, Descartes, and Aristotle had thought of the relation between time and being.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692920 The Philosophy of Martin HeideggerHeidegger approaches the history of metaphysics with the insight that, asNietzsche pointed out, time has always served metaphysics “as a criterion fordistinguishing realms of Being” (Heidegger, 1962, 39/18). That which is in timehas always been treated as less real than that which is timeless, a view Nietzscheattributes to weakness in dealing with change, whereas Heidegger sees itssource in Dasein’s inauthenticity. We are fundamentally temporal but we preferto think of ourselves as thinking timeless thoughts about eternal subjectsbecause, as in one of Plato’s arguments for the immortality of the soul, thatentails a timeless thinker (Phaedo 79 c-e).Heidegger applies his analysis of conformism to the way ideas from thehistory of philosophy have surreptitiously infiltrated our ways of thinking sothat we employ third-hand versions of Platonic or Aristotelian notionswithout even knowing it. Just as “proximally and for the most part, Daseinis not itself” and “Dasein makes no choices, gets carried along by thenobody” (Heidegger, 1962, 151/116; 312/268), so we generally think withother’s thoughts.Dasein simultaneously falls prey to the tradition of which it has more or lessexplicitly taken hold. This tradition keeps it from providing its own guidance,whether in inquiring or in choosing. This holds true – and by no means least –for that understanding which is rooted in Dasein’s ownmost Being, and forthe possibility of developing it – namely, for ontological understanding.(Heidegger, 1962, 42–43/21, italics added)As we inauthentically acquire an “addiction to becoming ‘lived’” (Heidegger,1962, 240/196), so too do we seek to be thought through rather than thinkingthings through for ourselves. Over time, these traditional ideas have “hardened”(Heidegger, 1962, 44/22) into clichés or truisms recited by rote that now hinderthought more than helping it. They cover over more than they uncover, leadingus to see what we think we will see, rather than what actually shows up.While these conventional concepts have generally permeated our thinkingwithout our knowing it, we can bring this into the open.It is not necessary that in resoluteness one should explicitly know the origin ofthe possibilities upon which that resoluteness projects itself. It is rather inDasein’s temporality, and there only, that there lies any possibility that theexistential potentiality-for-Being upon which it projects itself can be gleanedexplicitly from the way in which Dasein has been traditionally understood.(Heidegger, 1962, 437/385)Heidegger is taking up the age-old question of being that has reverberatedthroughout the history of philosophy and “handing down explicitly”(Heidegger, 1962, 437/385) this inquiry to himself, making it his own by askingDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 21it in a way appropriate to his situation and time in his “reciprocative rejoinder”(Heidegger, 1962, 438/386) to the tradition.Heidegger’s plans for the unpublished Part Two of Being and Time show how hehas, in his terms, chosen his heroes.The authentic repetition of a possibility of existence that has been – thepossibility that Dasein may choose its hero – is grounded existentially inanticipatory resoluteness; for it is in resoluteness that one first chooses thechoice which makes one free for the struggle of loyally following in thefootsteps of that which can be repeated. (Heidegger, 1962, 437/385)His heroes are the philosophers who inspire his philosophical inquiry by, amongother things, the seriousness with which they treated the now neglected questionof being.The question we are touching upon is not just any question. It is one whichprovided a stimulus for the researches of Plato and Aristotle, only to subsidefrom then on as a theme for actual investigation. What these two men achievedwas to persist through many alterations and ‘retouchings’ down to the ‘logic’ ofHegel. And what they wrested with the utmost intellectual effort from thephenomena, fragmentary and incipient though it was, has long since becometrivialized. (Heidegger, 1962, 21/2)His reciprocative rejoinder is loyal to the spirit of their thinking while strugglingwith the letter in what he calls a “destruction” of the tradition. This doesn’t meansmashing up traditional ideas but dismantling them carefully, studying how theywere put together so that we can understand the original experiences that gave riseto them. This is a laborious and, for Heidegger, a deeply respectful, almostreverential activity, while remaining even for that reason continuously critical.To apply Division I’s tool model once more, our thoughtless use of these conceptsneeds some kind of a breakdown of them for us to become thematically andcritically aware of our own presuppositions. Going through the history of philosophy as he planned to in Part Two (and we have smatterings of it in the publishedportions) would have done this, but there is another method vaguely intimated.Anticipating philosopher of science Thomas Kuhn,18 Heidegger says thatsciences make incremental progress when their fundamental organizing notionsare taken for granted, but “the real ‘movement’ of the sciences takes place whentheir basic concepts undergo a more or less radical revision which is transparentto itself” (Heidegger, 1962, 29/9). The revolutions that occur in times of “a crisisin its basic concepts” – one example he gives is relativity’s profound revision ofthe nature of time and space – are the moments when sciences “put research on18 Heidegger’s The Question Concerning the Thing gives a more detailed proto-Kuhnian account ofscience.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692922 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggernew foundations” (ibid.). These are the times when a discipline stops askingabout these or those beings in standardly accepted ways to investigate theirbeing and explore new ways of inquiry.The sciences – the German word “Wissenschaften” has a much broaderapplication than the English “sciences,” as we can see from Heidegger’s listingof history and theology as other examples (Heidegger, 1962, 30/10) – mustphilosophize or, as he will later say, “think” at these moments. Philosophy’sbusiness is to continuously rethink the deep nature and definitions of what isregarded as settled by other disciplines. This is what keeps philosophy fresh,and also keeps it from generating a consensus on established results. Theproblem is philosophy too can become “normal science,” i.e., a plodding,unthinking application of taken-for-granted notions – inauthenticity for thediscipline. “The real ‘movement’ of” philosophy also comes when its “basicconcepts undergo a more or less radical revision which is transparent to itself” –which is precisely what Being and Time is attempting to bring about. It isrevising standard understandings of time, space, selfhood, and many otherfundamental notions and doing so transparently by explaining how and why itis doing it. Thus, not only does Heidegger consider his concepts better than thetraditional ones, but their innovativeness by itself can create an awarenessinducing moment in philosophers who take standard notions for granted. Seeingalternatives breaks down the narrow range of concepts we had been restrictingourselves to. This large-scale destruction of the tradition is the breakdownneeded to achieve authenticity in philosophizing.Thinking Is Transcendental. Extraordinarily original, Being and Time is at thesame time a brilliant synthesis of other philosophers, which fits with its viewsabout the historicity of all thinking. Along with Kierkegaard and Aristotle (anddashes of Hegel, Nietzsche, and Dilthey), the main influences are Kant andHusserl. These two are transcendental idealists, which means that their workstudies the way our thinking structures our experience.Heidegger rejects both realism and idealism (though he rejects realism more[Heidegger, 1962, 251/207]), but many have found his early work to at leastoverlap transcendental philosophy in important ways.19 Take his discussion ofbreakdowns, for instance. We are the ones who change-over the hammer’s way ofbeing from ready-to-hand to present-at-hand by disengaging use to just stare at it.“What we are talking about – the heavy hammer – shows itself differently ...because we are looking at the ready-to-hand thing which we encounter, andlooking at it ‘in a new way’ as something present-at-hand. The understanding19 Some important works on this topic are Blattner, 1999; Braver, 2007; Carman, 2007; andCrowell and Malpas, 2007.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 23of Being by which our concernful dealings with entities within-the-world havebeen guided has changed over” (Heidegger, 1962, 412/361). The change-over inthe entity’s way of being is due to the change in our way of understanding itsbeing that accompanies an alteration of our intelligent interactions with it.This seems to place Dasein at the center and foundation of ontology, aninsight Heidegger credits Kant with.The direction of the path [Kant] follows, by returning to the subject in itsbroadest sense, is the only one that is possible and correct. It is the direction ofthe interpretation of being, actuality, existence that was followed not just bymodern philosophy since Descartes, by expressly orienting its philosophicalproblems to the subject ... or toward what is basically meant by it, namely,our Dasein (Heidegger, 1988, 73).Heidegger does, of course, make significant alterations to Kant’s project.If we radicalize the Kantian problem of ontological knowledge in the sensethat we do not limit this problem to the ontological foundation of the positivesciences and if we do not take this problem as a problem of judgment but asthe radical and fundamental question concerning the possibility of understanding being in general, then we shall arrive at the philosophically fundamental problematic of Being and Time. (Heidegger, 1997a, 289)Heidegger radicalizes Kant by exploring multiple, active forms of thinking suchas his pragmatic and existential understandings that go beyond the traditionalexclusive focus on theoretical knowing. However, he gives credit to Kant forbeing the one who “for the first time, came upon this primordial productivity ofthe ‘subject’” (Heidegger, 1984b, 210) where productivity means the way ourthinking and acting determine the mode of being that entities have. It is thesedippings into a subject-centered transcendental idealism, he will later say, thatmotivated him to change his thinking in the later phase of his career.Part II Later Heidegger: Thoughtful ThinkingWe are compelled to follow the circle. This is neither a makeshift nor a defect. Toenter upon this path is the strength of thought, to continue on it is the feast ofthought, assuming that thinking is a craft.Heidegger, Basic Writings: from Being and Time (1927)to The Task of Thinking (1964), 144Thinking Changes. Heidegger’s thinking and writing changed over the courseof his career, though exactly how and how much is a matter of considerabledebate among scholars. Most accept some degree of continuity and some degreeof change but differ on their relative significance and ratio. His career is oftendivided between the early work – roughly 1919–1930 or so, often representedDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692924 The Philosophy of Martin Heidegger(as here) by Being and Time – and the later – from about the early to mid-1930sto the end of his career, consisting generally in lecture courses and essayswithout any single representative work. While this division is simplistic – thelater work in particular continued to develop and change – I find it hard to denythat a particularly sharp division did occur around 1930 which is often called dieKehre or the turn.The unquestionable point of continuity lies in the question he never stoppedasking. “Every thinker thinks only one thought” (Heidegger, 1968, 50) andHeidegger’s one thought is the question of being – “of all questions, both themost basic and the most concrete” (Heidegger, 1962, 29/9). While he continuedasking it throughout his career, it subtly changed in the asking – as is appropriate. “When thinking is addressed by an issue and then goes after this, it canhappen that it changes along the way” (Heidegger, 2012a, 108).Being and Time addresses being in terms of the ontological difference, thefundamental distinction between (1) beings – the various entities we encounterand interact with in various ways – and (2) being – their mode or way of being.These modes aren’t too far from the traditional notion of essence, though moredynamic: things actively are or behave in certain ways which sets the range ofactions it is appropriate for us to take with them. Perhaps the main point of thebook as we have it is to correct our tendency to interpret the two most commonkinds of being – tools’ readiness-to-hand and Dasein’s existence – inappropriately (uneigentlich). The tradition has recognized presence-at-hand as the onlylegitimate mode of being, so it forces all of our thinking about the great varietyof beings into that one mold. This can be seen as an adaptation of his teacherHusserl’s regional ontology. Husserl held that instead of reducing all of realityto a single form of being real, we should recognize and explore fundamentallyheterogeneous types of beings that act and interact in fundamentally divergentways.Heidegger expands this project in his later work, acknowledging more beingssuch as artworks, technology, and homes that require their own concepts andterminology if we are to avoid conflating them with others. But he also, in myview, adds a third “layer” to the ontological difference, one that only makesa brief appearance in Being and Time but becomes centrally important to hislater work – being itself (or the truth of being, Seyn, the clearing, or the “thereis,” all roughly equivalent). This “level” indicates that which is most difficult forus to become aware of – awareness itself, the sheer fact that beings showthemselves to us in some way or other. In this later tripartite ontologicaldifference, as with the early two-part one, the layers or facets (there is nogood word for them, as Heidegger often points out) are essentially intertwinedand interdependent – “Being is always the Being of a being” – while also beingDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 25radically different from each other – “the Being of beings ‘is’ not itself a being”(Heidegger, 1962, 29/9, 26/6, translations slightly altered).One of the central mechanisms driving Being and Time was the way breakdowns disrupt smooth operations, thereby making them conspicuous. Previouslyinvisible tools suddenly stick out when they break down, which can light up theworld made up of their interlinked chains, with the ultimate culmination in the lifewe make of ourselves in that world breaking down in an existentialist state ofanxiety. The later work applies a version of this mechanic to the ontologicaldifference, showing how each level conceals or covers over the others. Weexperience (1) various beings in terms of (2) the kind of being that they are(using tools, examining objects, talking with people), but we’re so absorbed ininteracting with the beings that we rarely think about their mode of being. I nevercontemplate what it means to be a shoe or equipmentality in general when puttingon my shoes or taking a walk, though my appropriate use of them demonstratesmy preontological understanding of it. Explicitly examining these (2) modes ofbeing is what metaphysicians do as they try to define what it means to be a being,but both their examination of (2) beingness and the everyday use of (1) beingshide the most basic fact that (3) anything is manifest to us at all. We pay noattention to that in our daily business, and Heidegger argues that metaphysicalexplanations actually end up concealing it, leaving it the most inconspicuousphenomenon of all – the phenomenon of phenomenality.Being and Time moved our thinking from level (1) to (2) by giving us detailedanalyses of three (2) modes of being (objects’ presence-at-hand, tools’ readiness-to-hand, and Dasein’s existence). The main goal of Heidegger’s later workon the other hand is to draw our attention to level (3), this ever-hidden-becausealways-present fact of awareness. This is when “the clearing belonging to theessence of Being suddenly clears itself and lights up .... It brings itself into itsown brightness.... The essence, the coming to presence, of Being enters into itsown emitting of light” (Heidegger, 1977, 44–45). This completes thinking’sinherent reflexivity, its intrinsic tendency to think of thinking, by creatinga phenomenology of phenomenology. However, it proves extraordinarily difficult to do. Our concepts and language are primarily suited to dealing with (1)beings, and have been augmented by centuries of metaphysics to address (2)beingness, but (3) being itself has been ignored or forgotten throughout thehistory of philosophy – it has always been utterly inconspicuous. HenceHeidegger’s fifty-year, 100+-volume struggle to say what is nearest and mostsimple, trying to get us to think fully about what it means to think and how weare getting thought to.Thinking through Nihilism. Heidegger often harbors suspicion of taken-forgranted divisions, preferring holistic interconnections in general. Just as he doesDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692926 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggernot separate emotions from thinking, neither does he want to distinguishbetween practical and theoretical thinking, at least not for the kind of thinkinghe’s talking about. “Such thinking is neither theoretical nor practical. It comes topass before this distinction. Such thinking is, insofar as it is, recollection ofBeing and nothing else. Belonging to Being, because thrown by Being into thepreservation of its truth and claimed for such preservation, it thinks Being”(Heidegger, 1993a, 259). His analyses teach us a lot about the nature of thought,but always in service to a goal that could be characterized as ethical in thebroadest sense of a term. “If the name ‘ethics,’ in keeping with the basicmeaning of the word ethos, should now say that ‘ethics’ ponders the abode ofman, then that thinking which thinks the truth of Being as the primordialelement of man, as one who ek-sists, is in itself the original ethics”(Heidegger, 1993a, 258). Since what it means to be a human (a word he usesmore than Dasein in the later work) is to think being, we can only understandwhat it is to live appropriately by understanding how thinking works and what itis to do it with excellence (to once again use an Aristotelian argument). One wayto understand his ethics of thinking is to place it in relation to the philosopherHeidegger considers to be the thinker of our times, Nietzsche.Heidegger agrees with Nietzsche’s diagnosis of our time as one of nihilism,which Heidegger understands as a kind of homelessness, of not being at home inthis world. His early work presents existential homelessness as endemic to thehuman condition. This emerges most forcefully in uncanniness or“Unheimlichkeit” – literally not-being-at-homeness, which uncovers the factthat there is no role “which belongs to existence” (Heidegger, 1962, 393/343),no true occupation that we are meant for that will make our lives meaningful. Asdreadful as this realization is, “one is liberated in such a way that for the firsttime one can authentically understand and choose among the factical possibilities lying ahead,” which gives Dasein “the possibility of taking over from itselfits ownmost Being, and doing so of its own accord” (Heidegger, 1962, 308/263–264). The three existential experiences of Division II (anxiety, death, conscience) cut off the self-evident inertia our actions accumulate so that we canchoose our roles deliberately. Thus, “resoluteness constitutes the loyalty ofexistence to its own Self. As resoluteness which is ready for anxiety, this loyaltyis at the same time a possible way of revering the sole authority which a freeexisting can have” (Heidegger, 1962, 443/391). We have been thrown into thisworld, abandoned to a homelessness, and it is up to us to make one forourselves.The later work considers homelessness a historical rather than intrinsiccondition. We live in a destitute age from which the god has fled. This view iscloser to Nietzsche’s analysis of nihilism as a historical phenomenon that resultsDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 27from the intrinsic development of certain philosophical and religious ideas.Nietzsche blames Platonism and Christianity while Heidegger sees the mainculprit as modernity’s focus on subjectivity.20 Subjects are essentially selfstanding, isolated from communities and world, which then become objects–things outside of us thrown-up-against us. As self-sufficient, we shouldaspire to complete control of ourselves, in particular of our thinking.Descartes’ Meditations attempt to make up for the misfortune of havingonce been young, since in that period he did not responsibly and activelyexamine beliefs but swallowed them down carelessly. He rectifies that error bybeginning his epistemological life over again, starting from scratch so that hecan in a sense give birth to himself, but this time the right way – as a matureadult who will believe responsibly from the start. This is possible since weenjoy an omnipotence over our will and thinking unlike anything else in ourlives: “nothing lies entirely within our power except our thoughts” (Descartes/ed. Cottingham et al., 2013, 123). Indeed, this power over our thinking is howwe most resemble God and it is the key to how we shall “make ourselves, as itwere, the lords and masters of nature” (ibid., 142–143). Kant insists that onlya reason that is entirely spontaneous, unaffected by anything outside of itself,can be considered rational, much less free: “reason must regard itself as theauthor of its principles independent of foreign influences” just to count asreason at all (Kant, 2010, 50/448). Exerting influence on our thought processesmakes something a cause, not a reason, which then compromises both practical freedom and theoretical rationality. Our task is to become autonomous bylistening to ourselves alone to hear the law which is only “valid for us as men,since it has sprung from our will as intelligence and hence from our properself” (Kant, 2010, 60/461). Nietzsche tells us that once traditional values havelost their value, we must create new ones for ourselves. This emphasis onautonomy does not make him the bad boy of metaphysics but rather the finalstep in its logical progression. “In Nietzsche’s doctrine of the will to power asthe ‘essence’ of all reality, the modern metaphysics of subjectity is completed”(Heidegger, 2002b, 178).These three are representative of philosophers’ attempts to get around orreclaim all of the passivity we find in ourselves, resenting any cognition wesuffer rather than enact. We must do the thinking ourselves for it to be ourthought, for it to be thought at all. We must initiate our thinking and liberateourselves, for freedom merely given is not truly free. “What is decisive [inmodernity as opposed to previous epochs] is that man specifically takes up this20 Heidegger does at times locate the seeds of modern subjectivity and so nihilism in ancientphilosophy. See Braver 2007, 291–306.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692928 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerposition as one constituted by himself ... . Man makes depend on himself theway he is to stand to beings as the objective. What begins is that mode ofhuman being which occupies the realm of human capacity as the domain ofmeasuring and execution for the purpose of the mastery of beings as a whole”(Heidegger, 2002b, 69).Being and Time, however, insists on our thrownness. This means thatDasein “has been brought into its ‘there’, but not of its own accord ....It never comes back behind its thrownness in such a way that it might firstrelease this ‘that-it-is-and-has-to-be’ from its Being-its-Self and lead it intothe ‘there’ .... ‘Being-a-basis’ means never to have power over one’s ownmost Being from the ground up” (Heidegger, 1962, 329–330/284). We were“thrown” into this life and our selves, not by our doing and or choice. We didnot decide to be born, or where or when or as what; we did not enact our owncreation nor can we stage a genuine self–re-creation. We breathe our firstbreath indebted to people and events that we had no part in, even though weowe our very existence and selfhood to them. This indebtedness – another wayto translate guilt (“Schuld”) – is the existential underside of Heidegger’sphrase, “always already.”Being and Time balances thrownness against our active thinking and projection of roles and activities, awarding some favor to the latter as futural, the tensewhich Heidegger considers first among equals. His later work, with its extremeemphasis on history and tradition, tips the scales back toward our situatedness inopposition to the modern focus on autonomous choice. Let’s look at twoarguments against modernity’s view of thinking.First, Heidegger finds it inaccurate and incoherent. Thinking cannot beactive all the way down; without any influence from the objects of judgmentwe would have nothing to base our judgments on. “Thinking is no selfmastering activity encapsulated in itself nor a self-propelled toy. Thinkingremains from the outset referred to what is to be thought; it is called by this”(Heidegger, 2012a, 145). When we talk about something, we say “the sorts ofthings that are suggested by what is addressed ... what the addressed allows toradiate of itself” (Heidegger, 1993a, 409). Any attempt to start constructingrationality from scratch is in principle impossible since in order to advancea single step, we need principles of thinking which, per hypothesis, have notbeen established at that point.The fundamental principles [of thought] cannot be proven. Indeed, everyproof is already an act of thinking. The proof therefore already stands underthe laws of thought. How could it presume to place itself above these in orderto first justify their truth? ... Whenever we try to bring the basic principles ofthinking before us they ineluctably become the topic of our thinking – and ofDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 29its laws. Every time, the laws of thinking already stand behind us, behind ourback, so to speak, and guide every step of our reflections concerning them.(Heidegger, 2012a, 78)We can never catch up with our thinking to “release this ‘that-it-is-and-has-tobe’ from its Being-its-Self.” Our thinking rides the wave of a fundamentalthrownness into thinking at all as well as thinking in certain ways. Any attemptto evaluate or alter it as a whole from the bottom up would itself take place onthe basis of a way of thinking that would itself remain unquestioned andunexamined in the process.We are indebted to being for being thrown into the ability to think; we aredetermined to reason. “This quest for reasons pervades human cognition evenbefore it bothers with the founding of statements... . Without exactly knowing it,in some manner we are constantly addressed by, summoned to attend to, groundsand reasons” (Heidegger, 1996a, 3). This groundlessness would make thoughtviciously circular were we trying to enter it from outside – if, that is, starting fromnothing, we had to justify the principle of seeking reasons and a particular way ofdoing so. Fortunately, being has “graced” us by “throwing” us into this circle ofthought from the beginning. We are always already underway in questioning,enabled to think and act by the gift of irremediable heteronomy, relieving us of theimpossible need for a rational baptism into rationality.This also fits a phenomenological description of what happens when wethink. “Such thoughts do not first come to be by way of mortal thinking. Ratherour mortal thinking is always summoned by that thought to correspond to it orrenounce it. We human beings do not come upon thoughts; thoughts rathercome to us mortals” (Heidegger, 1996a, 53). We reach conclusions becausecertain notions reach out to us, suggesting themselves and pulling us towardthem. What is great about the great thinkers and poets is not their creativityconceived of as Romantic geniuses but their sensitivity. They tune into andarticulate the understanding of being that forms and informs the thinking andacting of their epoch. “What is great and constant in the thinking of a thinkersimply consists in its expressly giving word to what always already resounds”(Heidegger, 1996a, 24). Nietzsche, in whom “the uprising of modern humanity into the absolute domination of subjectivity within the subjectivity ofbeings is fulfilled” (Heidegger, 2002b, 168), came to his views becausefeatures such as flux and conflict stood out to him, striking him as prominent.He found the need to create our values to be valuable, he didn’t create that.“Nietzsche’s thought has to plunge into metaphysics because Being radiatesits own essence as will to power” (Heidegger, 1979, vol IV, 181). This is truegenerally: “we will have to rely on Being, and on how Being strikes ourDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692930 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerthinking, to ascertain from it what features essentially occur” (Heidegger,1979, vol IV, 214). Thus Nietzsche, the great philosopher of will and creativity, “neither made nor chose his way himself, no more than any other thinkerever did. He is sent on his way.”21Heidegger’s second argument is that modern subjectivity brings on nihilism.Nietzsche employs it to defeat nihilism but, ironically, “what was supposed tobe the overcoming is but the completion of nihilism” (Heidegger, 2002b, 193).Nietzsche defines nihilism as the state in which “the highest values devaluatethemselves. The aim is lacking; ‘why?’ finds no answer” (Nietzsche, 1968, §2,quoted at Heidegger, 2002b, 166). The highest Western values so far, those ofPlatonist Christianity, undermine themselves since the truthfulness it insists onultimately leads believers to concede the dishonesty of their faith. The death ofGod creates nihilism by clearing away the old, objective values, but thisnihilism also clears the way for those who are strong enough to create theirown thoughts and values, ones more suited to embodied, mortal, earthlyhumans. The fact that we no longer find meaning in our lives gives us theopportunity to put meaning into them.Heidegger sees this solution to nihilism as pouring gasoline on the fire byapplying our contemporary technological attitude to values and purposes, thatis, seeing it as a problem that is in our power to fix. “If we merely attempt, on ourown authority, to set or seize upon the measure, then it becomes measureless anddisintegrates into nothingness” (Heidegger, 1996b 167). As he succinctly putsit, “no one dies for mere values” (Heidegger, 2002b, 77). Nothing made by uscan give us a true responsibility or place us under an obligation, nor can itconnect us to anything larger than ourselves and our desires because there canbe nothing beyond ourselves. “Beings are, yet they remain abandoned by Beingand left to themselves, so as to be mere objects of our contrivance. All goalsbeyond men and peoples are gone” (Heidegger, 1994a, 159–160). Nietzschedefines the initial phase of weak nihilism as the strongest values so far devaluingthemselves, while Heidegger sees in Nietzsche’s own strong creative nihilismthe very notion of value devaluing itself. Nietzsche’s attempt to salvage itcreates a situation where nothing can have genuine worth.Precisely through the characterization of something as “a value” what is sovalued is robbed of its worth. That is to say, by the assessment of something asa value what is valued is admitted only as an object for man’s estimation. Butwhat a thing is in its Being is not exhausted by its being an object, particularly21 Heidegger, 1968, 46. Of course, Nietzsche being Nietzsche, there are plenty of passages thatargue against this depiction of him and instead for a view much closer to Heidegger’s. E.g., “Iwill not stop emphasizing a tiny little fact that these superstitious men are loath to admit: thata thought comes when ‘it’ wants, and not when ‘I’ want” (Nietzsche, 2001a, §17).Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 31when objectivity takes the form of value. Every valuing, even where it valuespositively, is a subjectivizing. It does not let beings: be. Rather, valuing letsbeings: be valid – solely as the objects of its doing ... . Thinking in values isthe greatest blasphemy imaginable against Being. (Heidegger, 1993a, 251)God might be dead but we can still blaspheme; this implies that some possibilityof the sacred may survive as well.Heidegger agrees with Nietzsche that nothing can guide us the way nature orreason or God used to.We both know too much and doubt too much to be able to findanything imbued with simple holiness, to follow any entity as absolutely authoritative. As Nietzsche’s madman put it, we may still go to church but our prayers cannever be anything more than Requiems for God. “The plight of the lack of a sense ofplight will strike up against the remaining absent of both the advent and theabsconding of the gods. This remaining absent is all the more uncanny the longerchurches and forms of divine service survive (and seem permanent) and yet areunable to ground an original truth” (Heidegger, 2012b, 187/§120). However, eventhough the death of God has removed the possibility of a transcendent being savingus, the ontological difference teaches us that we are not faced only with beings; thereis also being. Heidegger rebuts Sartre’s humanistic voluntarism – “We are preciselyin a situation where there are only human beings” – with this appeal – “We areprecisely in a situation where principally there is Being” (Heidegger, 1993a, 237).Nietzsche believed he reversed nihilism by celebrating instead of dreading theabsence of values, while Heidegger sees this as its intensification. Instead of goingback to some-thing that can supply values, he agrees that nothing can do so – butpoints out that, in fact, no-thing can do so.22 This would be true nihil-ism becauseit sees meaningfulness coming from that which is nothing: since level (1) and (2)categorizations are so utterly incommensurable with (3) being itself, it does notshow up within those categories as anything. It is not a being, no thing, nothing justas much as something. Clearing away all beings as potential sources or foundations for values opens our eyes to what is already there. We are in-the-world, butinstead of a webwork of instrumental relations spread out by our chosen roles thisnow means that we walk “those paths and relations in which birth and death,disaster and blessing, victory and disgrace, endurance and decline acquire theshape of destiny for human being. The all-governing expanse of this open relational context is the world of this historical people” (Heidegger, 1993a, 167).Heidegger finds meaningfulness even within this contemporary meaninglessness, for even meaninglessness makes sense to us and so makes sense for us.We find the modern project of autonomous self-creation intelligible, selfevidently valuable, even though the ancient Greeks probably would have found it22 For more on this, see Braver 2024b.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692932 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerunintelligible and the medievals sinfully hubristic. While Heidegger finds this wayof thinking about the world deeply problematic, it is still a thinking of the world,hence it is something we could not have created ourselves but to which we owe ourability to think, act, feel, exist. “‘On one’s own initiative’ is already indicative ofa way in which being itself lets human beings be in their essence” (Heidegger,1996b, 90). Our modern quest to cut ourselves off from tradition is itself bequeathedto us by, as we have seen, the tradition of Descartes, Kant, and Nietzsche. “Allphilosophical discussion, even the most radical attempt to begin all over again, ispervaded by traditional concepts” (Heidegger, 1988, 22).We are given meaning and significance just as we are given the perception of andurge to strive after reasons. We receive “from Being itself the assignment of thosedirectives that must become law and rule for man .... Only such dispatching iscapable of supporting and obligating. Otherwise all law remains merely somethingfabricated by human reason” (Heidegger, 1993a, 262). Instead of resenting thisgroundlessness since reason ultimately rests on nothing, we should be grateful thatit gives us this motivation in a way that, as Nietzsche showed, no being can, givingthanks for nothing. The world abounds in ethical significance, as Levinas exploresin his phenomenology-inspired work, and we cannot help but be open to it as ourrelation to being is the ultimate always already. We are not homeless; we belong.We belong to and with being because we are of being; we are essentially with-beingor in-the-clearing the way Dasein is with-others or in-the-world. Learning to think,the project we have been involved in, is not leaping “into an abyss” but is rather “acurious, indeed unearthly thing that we must first leap onto the soil on which wereally stand” (Heidegger, 1968, 41). We find it difficult because we tend to thinkourselves apart from being, leaving us unprepared to think of ourselves asa thinking part of being. “Every way of thinking takes its way already within thetotal relation of Being and man’s nature, or else it is not thinking at all (Heidegger,1968, 80). We need to appreciate the fact that even nihilism is a world gifted to us.Despite the negative ways he depicts contemporary technological understanding,he also insists that “even in positionality as an essential destiny of being thereessences a light from the flash of beyng” (Heidegger, 2012a, 71).Thinking Is Wondrous. In Being and Time Heidegger states that Dasein isthrown. No one and nothing threw us here for no purpose, we are abandoned tomake our own way and our own home without direction or directions. As he oftendoes, Heidegger takes up this theme in his later work but gives it a new significance.Man is rather ‘thrown’ from Being itself into the truth of Being, so that eksisting in this fashion he might guard the truth of Being, in order that beingsmight appear in the light of Being as the beings they are ... . Man is theshepherd of Being. (Heidegger, 1993a, 234)Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 33Before, there was no possibility of a special way to live that was set out for uswhich would enable us to fulfill our essence and true purpose. There was no forthe-sake-of-which “which belongs to existence” (Heidegger, 1962, 393/343) –i.e., written into our very being – but now he finds one. This comes out in the word“existence,” the early term for Dasein’s (2) being, in that its etymology signifiesa standing-outside ourselves that opens us up to our relatedness to being.What is Da-sein, and what does it mean to “exist” [existieren]? Da-sein is theenduring of the truth of beyng, and Dasein “is” this, and only this, as an exsisting [ex-sistierend] self which steadfastly withstands exposedness ... .‘For the sake of itself,’ i.e., purely as preservation and stewardship ofbeing, provided what is fundamentally essential is indeed the understandingof being. (Heidegger, 2012b, 238–239/§178)Since we are the revealer – the being who, by standing out in the open, enablesbeings to manifest themselves – we are charged with the “duty” of revealingbeing in the most careful and attentive way possible. Taking up our ability to letbeings appear, celebrating it gratefully, and giving beings the kind of care-fulattention that lets them appear most fully would be projecting the openness thatwe are thrown into. “The opening up of the open region, and the clearing ofbeings, happens only when the openness that makes its advent in thrownness isprojected” (Heidegger, 1993a, 196). We reveal beings most when we thinkthem, and we reveal this revelation in thinking it.Thrownness takes on new significance due to the importance that we understand that this is not our action, done on our initiative. “Everything depends onour inhering in this clearing that is propriated by Being itself – never made orconjured by ourselves. We must overcome the compulsion to lay our hands oneverything” (N, 1979 vol III, 181). That is how thought is presented bytranscendental thought, a notion his early work at least flirted with.The carrying out of the projection of the truth of beyng, in the sense of anentering into the open realm such that the projector of the projection experiences himself as thrown, i.e., as appropriated by beyng. The opening accomplished by the projection is an opening only if it occurs as an experience ofthrownness and thus of belonging to beyng. That is what makes it essentiallydistinct from all merely transcendental modes of knowledge regarding conditions of possibility. (Heidegger, 2012b, 188–189/§122)To think of thought transcendentally parallels thinking of values as projected by ourwill which forever keeps us from discovering our essence as the thinker of being.Man ... is continually approaching the brink of the possibility of pursuing andpromulgating nothing but what is revealed in ordering, and of deriving all hisstandards on this basis. Through this the other possibility is blocked – that manDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692934 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggermight rather be admitted sooner and ever more primally to the essence of whatis unconcealed and to its unconcealment, in order that he might experience ashis essence the requisite belonging to revealing. (Heidegger, 1993a, 331)Thrownness has now become givenness, the gift of being able to reveal beingsin various ways – thinking about them, poeticizing them, interacting with them.Our attitude should be one of gratitude for what we’ve been given, not pride inwhat we have done.We give thanks for the ability to think by thinking, our way of participating inthe self-revelation of being. We are midwives to arguments, as Socrates said,because reasons emanate from all around us. The world provokes us to reasonabout it, appearing as question-able and question-worthy, as in need of andsuited to reasons. Thinking and speaking beings brings them forth to showthemselves in thoughts and words. Our unique response-ability gives usa unique responsibility; as the only beings who can let being be by bringing itto manifestation, we have an obligation to do so as fully as possible.To think gratefully for being’s graciousness is to wonder. Wondering whyenables us to wonder at the fact that we can wonder why, unlike animals,plants, and rocks. “Of all beings, only the human being, called upon by thevoice of being, experiences the wonder of all wonders: that beings are”(Heidegger, 1998b, 234). All philosophy is born of wonder and what ismore wondrous than that we can be struck by wonder at all and, reciprocally,that there is something to wonder at? Heidegger wants us to see the beauty inthe fact that we see beauty, to love loving, to be thankful for our capacity forthankfulness, all of which comes from being be-ing. The ultimate inconspicuousness of being means that “one can no longer be struck by the miracle ofbeings: that they are” (Heidegger, 1994a, 169). This is another wonderenacted by no-thing. The existence of all that is can only be miraculouswithout God, for Her existence would supply a straightforward explanation:the creator God created. It is far more mysterious, wondrous, gratitudeinducingly gratuitous if nothing is responsible for it, and no-thing is.Although there is no one or thing to be grateful to, that enhances ratherthan prevents our gratitude, the “thanks that alone pays homage to the gracethat being has bestowed upon the human essence in thinking” (Heidegger,1998b, 236). This essential openness by thinking being is what shows us thatwe are not homeless.Man’s distinctive feature lies in this, that he, as the being who thinks, is open toBeing, face to face with Being; thus man remains referred to Being and soanswers to it ... . A belonging to Being prevails within man, a belonging whichlistens to Being because it is appropriated to Being. (Heidegger, 2002a, 31)Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 35This mutual appropriation is our authenticity, our being-at-home, our specialfunction and the source of all meaning. Our quest is to let being be.Our belonging is as pervasive as anything can be, yet we pass over it as thedeepest always already. “We do not reside sufficiently as yet where in reality wealready are” (ID 33). Where smoothly functioning tools were inconspicuous inthe early work, being is “the most inconspicuous of inconspicuous things, thesimplest of simple things, the nearest of things near and most remote of thingsremote, among which we mortals reside all our lives” (Heidegger, 1993a, 415).(3) Being is the manifestation of (1) beings in their (2) ways of being but itdirects our attention away from the sheer event of manifestation to what getsmanifested. The very unconcealment of them conceals itself. “If we stand ina clearing in the woods, we see only what can be found within it: the free place,the trees about – and precisely not the luminosity of the clearing itself”(Heidegger, 1994a, 178).Thus we still need some kind of interruption, which can bear a resemblance towhat served that function in Being and Time. “The essentialization of truth willbe attained only if the usual everyday way of being human is successfullydislocated, as it were, and is then allowed to settle on its proper ground”(Heidegger, 1994a, 179–180). One form of the breakdown of our thinkingthat can make it conspicuous comes in unanswerable questions. Wonder, theinspiration of philosophy since Plato and Aristotle, wonders why the universe isbut no explanation can fully account for it. Anything used to explain will itselfbe something that is and so need explaining in turn, thus creating a reductio adinfinitum. This baffling dead-end of inquiry, however, need not be seen asa failure but an opening up of new dimensions. The shock to the systematicexplanations of reality can turn us toward the simple mystery of what is thepresence of what is present to us. This end to philosophy can supply a new endfor thinking.This basic disposition of shocked and diffident restraint resonate in theessential human being ... establishes ... the opening of the simplicity andgreatness of beings and the originally compelled necessity of securing inbeings the truth of beyng so as to give the historical human being a goal onceagain, namely, to become the one who grounds and preserves the truth ofbeyng, to be the “there” as the ground required by the very essence of beyng,or, in other words, to care. That is what care means ... . Care is uniquely “forthe sake of beyng” – not of the beyng of the human being but of the beyng ofbeings as a whole.2323 Heidegger, 2012b, 15/§5, all italics added; my thanks to Richard Polt for the sake of bringing thispassage to my attention.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692936 The Philosophy of Martin HeideggerThis is his redefinition of Being and Time’s second definition of Dasein – care –but now it is being that we care about by caring for it.Knowledge shuts down wonder since we no longer have to wonder when weknow the answer. It is the unanswerable questions that can provoke an unendingwonder.We know too much and believe too readily ever to feel at home ina questioning which is powerfully experienced. For that we need the abilityto wonder at what is simple, and to take up that wonder as our abode ... .Thoughtful wonder speaks in questioning. (Heidegger, 1984a, 104)This unsatisfiable intellectual wondering about turns into an awed wonderingat, an astonishment at the mere fact that anything is at all and that we canexperience anything at all.Grateful wonder cherishes our ability to think being, to see and know andspeak. The great celebrators are the artists and thinkers, for they are the oneswho are most aware of the favor they have been granted. They engage in theseabilities to the utmost – painting as the celebration of being able to see, musicthe fact that we can hear, poetry that we speak and philosophy that the worldyields itself to our thoughts. Heidegger wants us to think thoughtfully andthankfully, which means being aware that awareness is a gift, a view notpossible for autonomy-driven modernity. “The things for which we owe thanksare not things we have from ourselves ... . But the thing given to us ... isthinking ... . How can we give thanks for this endowment, the gift of being ableto think?” (Heidegger, 1968, 142–143). Instead of taking it for granted, weshould take it as granted to us.Thinking Is Really Historical. Heidegger’s early account presents history’s rolein our existence as important but limited. While the for-the-sakes-of-which andtheir concomitant tools come from historically varying cultures, the formalstructure of Dasein’s being appears to remain the same for everyone at all timesand places (suggested, e.g., at Heidegger, 1962, 38/17). An eighth-century itinerant monk’s shoes will withdraw from his notice during prayer the same way minedo while writing a book on Heidegger because we both have the same mode ofbeing – existence – as do the shoes – readiness-to-hand. The second part of Beingand Time was going to turn explicitly to the history of philosophy, but as a tale ofdeep continuity which relegates historical development to a matter of relativelysuperficial variations. “Kant took over Descartes’ position quite dogmatically”(Heidegger, 1962, 45/24), while “what presents itself in Descartes’ case is ... nobreak, but instead a process of seizing upon a prefigured possibility ... that Greekphilosophy specified” (Heidegger, 2005, 83), with the result that “Kant’s basicontological orientation remains that of the Greeks” (Heidegger, 1962, 49/26).Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 37Where his early work explores three modes of Being that appear to remain stableacross history, Heidegger’s later work sees beings as having a more uniformmetaphysical nature within a historical period. Each epoch has a specific way inwhich beings appear which sets determinate parameters to what thoughts will strikepeople as sensible at that time. He variously calls an epoch’s conception of what isreal its clearing, understanding of Being, truth, or sending of Being. Each period hasa specific understanding of what it means to be that founds and shapes all humanthought, practice, and discourse at that time. “The fundamental characteristic of allbeings ... must, so to speak, be ‘encountered’ by the thinking of this thought inevery region of beings: in nature, art, history, politics, in science and in knowledgein general” (Heidegger, 1979, vol III, 19). The Greeks understood beings asspontaneously emerging nature (physis), the medievals saw beings as divinecreations, moderns think of them as scientifically knowable objects, and wetoday find only resources to be technologically manipulated to satisfy our needsand desires. Instead of the change-over in mode of being occurring when Daseinstops using and starts staring at something or vice versa, these epochal shifts arehistorical change-overs of modes of being which is why “thinking is intrinsicallyhistorical” (Heidegger, 2012b, 187/§120). Whereas the early work founded thestudy of being on the examination of Dasein’s existential structure, now thinking ofbeing means examining “the changing forms in which Being shows itself epochallyand historically” (Heidegger, 1972, 52).Neither being nor thinking can be separated from each other, nor from thehistory of philosophy which documents how those most sensitive to the reverberations of thought have put their epoch’s understanding of being into words.Studying metaphysical texts calls our attention to the multiplicity of clearingsthere have been. Their incommensurability means that none can absorb oraccount for the others, revealing the contingency of each way of understandingbeing, including our own. While none can claim absolute universal truth, eachreveals beings for a time which makes them true for their epoch, despite theirincompatibility with each other.This foundation happened in the West for the first time in Greece ... . Therealm of beings thus opened up was then transformed into a being in the senseof God’s creation. This happened in the Middle Ages. This kind of being wasagain transformed at the beginning and during the course of the modern age.Beings became objects that could be controlled and penetrated bycalculation ... . At each time there happened unconcealment of beings.(Heidegger, 1993a, 201)As a responding and co-responding to being, thinking is always historicallysituated. “If we represent thinking as a universal human capacity then itDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692938 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerbecomes an imaginary construction” (Heidegger, 2012a, 89). There is no metaphysical realm or noumenal self that could harbor transcendent ideas or rulesbeyond the vicissitudes of time and everything human-all-too-human. We arethrown inescapably into history, which means into a particular historical epoch.“Every sort of thought, however, is always only the execution and consequenceof a mode of historical Dasein, of the fundamental position taken towards Beingand toward the way in which beings are manifest as such, i.e. toward truth”(Heidegger, 1993a, 294–295).Heidegger defines our contemporary way of thinking and being as technology. He does not mean the various electronic gadgets we use to make our liveseasier, however, but the equip-mentality that leads us to create them, which hecalls the essence of technology. Whereas the former are things we make, thelatter is in principle something that we cannot and could not have made. We sawearlier his phenomenological and ethical arguments for the receptivity ofthinking; here is his logical argument.The essence of technology means seeing the world in terms of, on the onehand, problems, inconveniences, and obstacles to getting what we want, andresources we can use to take care of those issues on the other. Thinking that youcan create this way of thinking is self-contradictory because it presupposes thisvery frame of mind. You must already be looking at things technologically inorder to think about thinking as an inefficient tool that needs to be improved.Long before the end of the eighteenth century, when the first machines wereinvented and set running in England, positionality, the essence of technology,was already afoot in a concealed manner. This says: the essence of technologyalready reigned beforehand, so much so that it first of all lit up the regionwithin which the invention of something like power-producing machinescould at all be sought out and attempted. (Heidegger, 2012a, 32–33)Our understanding of being is what lays out the options that strike us asreasonable and plausible, the range of thoughts that occur to us, so we canonly act technologically if we already think technologically. We will only lookaround for raw materials to put together in useful ways if things show up asproblems to be solved with the right tools. All of our actions are reactions to theway the world solicits us to act. However, thinking technologically, whichHeidegger sometimes calls calculative thought, is not the only option forthinking, as I will show in what follows.We can apply this analysis to Descartes and Nietzsche, Heidegger’s bookendsof modern philosophy. Descartes was dissatisfied with the education he receivedbecause, among other things, medieval theology could not help us make devicesthat improve our lives. He set out to reprogram his own mind, rebooting it andDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 39then rewriting his ways of thinking from scratch in ways that were moreconducive to making technological advances. As he describes one of his mostimportant works, he was seeking a “method of rightly conducting reason andseeking the truth in the sciences” where the “and” means “in order to”(Descartes/ed. Cottingham et al, 6). Heidegger points out that such a movecannot but come too late. To even consider such a project, Descartes had toalready have been thinking about his own thinking as a tool that should bebrought up to optimal efficiency in order to get what he wants – science whichcould make technology. Being motivated by this solution could only occur tosomeone who views the world as problems in need of solutions. A devoutmedieval peasant, for instance, would not see illness as a matter of inconvenience and discomfort to be assuaged with a little effort and ingenuity, but as a justpunishment handed down by a righteous God which it is his duty to suffer withpatience, dignity, and grace.Whereas Descartes came too late, Nietzsche’s project necessarily occurs toosoon (as the madman says of his announcement of the death of God, “‘I cometoo early’, he then said; ‘my time is not yet’” (Nietzsche, 2001b, §125). Hisattempt to take control of his thinking and valuing to make more powerenhancing forms does not represent a significant alternative to the reigningtechnological thinking but rather a more complete version of it. Thus heperpetuates what he is trying to overcome. His creating does not represent ourtaking back control over ourselves, but following instructions we receive thattell us that taking control is what is most valuable.Our whole human existence everywhere sees itself challenged ... to devoteitself to the planning and calculating of every thing. What speaks in thischallenge? Does it stem merely from man’s spontaneous whim? Or are wehere already concerned with beings themselves, in such a way that they makea claim on us with respect to their aptness to be planned and calculated? ... Tothe same degree that Being is challenged, man, too, is challenged, that is,forced to secure all beings that are his concern as the substance for hisplanning and calculating. (Heidegger, 2002a, 34–35)However, as Hölderlin puts it, “But where danger is, grows/ The saving poweralso” (Heidegger, 1993a, 340).The fact that this technological mindset is sent to us foils our attempt to createand control ourselves all the way down and all the way back, our drive to take upour thrownness being itself something we are inescapably thrown into. Thisattempt to manufacture meaning is what renders any result meaningless, but thesame feature can also give us the meaningfulness we were seeking. We just needto think about our thinking differently. “By this conception of the totality of thetechnological world, we reduce everything down to man ... . Caught up in thisDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692940 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerconception, we confirm our own opinion that technology is of man’s makingalone. We fail to hear the claim of Being which speaks in the essence oftechnology” (Heidegger, 2002a, 34). Hearing this claim means hearing it asa claim, as something that comes to us and places obligation on us. It meansthinking of our technological way of thinking as itself radically incompatiblewith the technological mindset. Instead of the transcendental explanation thatwe are the source of our concepts, they come from being, i.e., no-thing that canserve as a wonder-stopping explanation.Being granted this thinking which we could not fashion for ourselves, beingclaimed by being for being, gives us our belonging.The granting that sends one way or another into revealing is as such thesaving power. For the saving power lets man see and enter into the highestdignity of his essence. This dignity lies in keeping watch over the unconcealment – and with it, from the first, the concealment – of all essential unfoldingon this earth ... . Everything, then, depends upon this: that we ponder thisrising and that, recollecting, we watch over it. (Heidegger, 1993a, 337)Watching over it means watching it, attending to it by giving it attention,almost a mystical form of phenomenology. (3) Being is the manifestation of(1) beings in their (2) ways of being and we are the clearing in which (1)beings become (3) manifest. We are the location where being happens notbecause it happens by our doing or in our minds, but because it takes place asour thinking, for that is how we let beings come into appearance in theirrational form.Thinking Gives Us Groundless Grounds. In Heidegger’s early work, anxietyshows us a world stripped of its worldness – emptied of meaningfulness andrepellent to interest (from “inter-esse” – in-being). 1929’s “What IsMetaphysics?” connects this mood with philosophical inquiry by ending itsdetailed examination of anxiety with “the basic question of metaphysics whichthe nothing itself compels: Why are there beings at all, and why not rathernothing?” (Heidegger, 1993a, 110). Anxiety prevents us from putting things intheir comprehensible and usable places in our world, leaving beings as justbeings. Standing idle outside the activities that usually draw us into the worldand through the day, we can only stare in surprised perplexity at their mereexistence, the only feature left to them which now, barren of all intelligibility,confronts us as shocking in its absolute contingency. Why are these things here?Why is anything anywhere? This question has basically the same effect that themood anxiety does: “it discloses these beings in their full but heretoforeconcealed strangeness as what is radically other – with respect to the nothing”(Heidegger, 1993a, 103).Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 41A later postscript to the essay adds awe to this pair.The lucid courage for essential anxiety assures us the enigmatic possibility ofexperiencing being. For close by essential anxiety as the horror of the abyssdwells awe. Awe cherishes that locality of the human essence within whichhumans remain at home in that which endures. (Heidegger, 1998b, 234)The anxiety that strips away significance to confront beings in their bare thereness,the metaphysical question of why anything is there, and the awe that cherishestheir thereness, fit together. All three take us out of our normal teleologicalinteractions with particular entities to place us before beings as a whole orbeings as such, the beings qua beings that Aristotle says are the object of firstphilosophy – the discipline that begins in wonder.Aristotle sees the point of philosophy to get beyond the puzzlement thatprovokes our questioning so that we “end up in the contrary and (according tothe proverb) the better state, the one that people achieve by learning” the answer(Aristotle, 1988, Metaphysics 938a 18–20). For Heidegger, however, “philosophical questions are in principle never settled as if some day one could set themaside” (Heidegger, 2014b, 46). Any answer to the basic question of metaphysics –why is there anything at all – would take the form of an explanation as to why thereare beings. With this answer in hand, there’s no more need to think about it;wonder has given way to knowledge. As questioning’s end, answers are the end ofquestioning – but genuine thinking does not culminate in closure for Heidegger.With regard to the deepest matters, “questioning is not a mere prelude for the sakeof presenting something unquestionable as something that had been attained.Questioning is here the beginning and the end” (Heidegger, 2012b, 274/§222).While knowledge is necessary for daily life and appropriate to most disciplines,conclusions bring about the conclusion of philosophizing.Just as there is an autopilot mode for our average everyday lives ofgrocery shopping and driving cars which Being and Time addressed asa form of inauthenticity, philosophers can fall into the mode of just wheelingout known-by-heart arguments, the way Husserl describes experienced mathematicians running through basic geometrical proofs in “Origin ofGeometry.” This shuffling around of familiar concepts leads toa thoughtless thinking, an abstracted theorizing that pays as little attentionto its thoughts as an experienced driver does to their car. This smoothsolving of problems breaks down when it hits up against unthinkablethoughts that resist easy digestion – insoluble problems and ideas that violatelogical rules we take for granted, unanswerable questions and inconceivableanswers. Seeking these out will strike you as perverse, almost unintelligible,if you only recognize conclusive answers as a satisfactory end of inquiry, butDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692942 The Philosophy of Martin HeideggerHeidegger is trying to draw our attention to something that eludes directexpression and explanation and yet is the object of genuine thinking.To think Being ... all that is needed is simple wakefulness in the proximity ofany random unobtrusive being, an awakening that all of a sudden sees that thebeing “is.”The awakening for this “it is” of a being, and above all the remainingawake for the “it is,” and the watching over the clearing of beings – thatconstitutes the essence of essential thinking. The “it is” of beings, Being,shows itself, if it does show itself, in each case only “suddenly” .... To thinkBeing requires in each instance a leap, a leap into the groundless from thehabitual ground upon which for us beings always rest ... . This genuinethinking occurs “by leaps,” for it ignores the bridges and railings and laddersof explanation, which always only derives beings from beings ... . The openitself secures the essential abode of man, provided man and only he is thatbeing to whom Being illuminates itself. (Heidegger, 1998a, 149–150)His philosophizing is not in search of an answer but an attitude, a stance, theawakening of the mind that philosophers have been seeking since Socrates. “Ifthe answer could be given it would consist in a transformation of thinking, not ina propositional statement about a matter at stake” (Heidegger, 1993a, 431).This leads to an atypical view of knowledge and truth.Where beings are not very familiar to man and are scarcely and only roughlyknown by science, the openedness of beings as a whole can prevail moreessentially than it can where the familiar and well-known has become boundless,and nothing is any longer able to withstand the business of knowing, sincetechnical mastery over things bears itself without limit. Precisely in the levelingand planing of this omniscience, this mere knowing, the openedness of beingsgets flattened out into the apparent nothingness of what is no longer even a matterof indifference, but rather is simply forgotten. (Heidegger, 1993a, 129)One reason Heidegger never tires of the question of being is that history hasnever tired of it because it is inexhaustible, as generation after generationgenerates new answers and new inquiries. “The guiding question of Westernphilosophy is, ‘What is Being?’ To treat this question as stated is simply to lookfor an answer ... . Developing the guiding question is something essentiallydifferent – it is a more original form of inquiry, one which does not crave ananswer” (Heidegger, 1979, vol II, 192).Heidegger ends the Introduction to Being and Time by warning us of “theawkwardness and ‘inelegance’ of expression” of the book that follows, which isdue to the fact that “we lack not only most of the words but, above all, the‘grammar’” to say something about being as opposed to beings (Heidegger,1962, 63/39). Since then, this warning has become a promise.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 43The relationship of thinking, being, and language therefore does not lie overagainst us. We ourselves are held within it. We can neither overtake it, noreven merely catch up with it, because we ourselves are caught up in thisrelationship. On this we would like to note that the elaborateness andawkwardness that our contemplation must go through do not merely stemfrom the limitations of our capacities, but instead are essential. This gives noright to whine about the wretchedness of the human, but is instead a cause forjubilation over the plenitude of the riddle that remains preserved for thinking.(Heidegger, 2012a, 155, all italics added)Its resistance to articulation is at the same time its reservoir of meanings beyondany single articulation. This open-ended polysemy gives it the ability to continuously stimulate and provoke us to think anew if we think about this featurein a new way. The fact that we are always already caught up in it is not thelamentable state of our heteronomy, but our belonging, closeness, intimacy withwhat we think – we just think ourselves alienated. If we look at our inability toonce and for all come to conclusive conclusions that settle the matter from theother side, we can see it as the literally inconceivable generosity of reality ingiving us such a bounty of food for thought at this ongoing feast.Heidegger does give a kind of answer in the form of various epochs’understandings of being, but his goal is different from what we usually expect.For one thing, he draws on the alienness of these ways of thinking to helpdisrupt the inconspicuousness of our own taken-for-granted one: “What did weseek from this ‘historical reflection’? To obtain a distance from what we take asself-evident, from what lies all too close to us” (Heidegger, 2013, 6). Thisdistancing from the conviction in the absolute truth of any one view is one thingthis method shares with Husserl’s method of bracketing, despite their manydeep differences, one reason for the etymological resonance of Heidegger’s“epoch” with Husserl’s “epoché.” Other ways of understanding show us that ourway of thinking is just one way rather than the way. “Whenever and however weattempt to contemplate thinking, every time a blunt consideration is alreadyrevealed to us: there is no thinking as such [das Denken]. Thinking – and the talkcan be of this alone – is the hidden and innermost dispute of our history.Thinking is what is historical of this history and thus is historical in itself”(Heidegger, 2012a, 93).Another and more important reason Heidegger spends so much time on theseepochal metaphysics is that, as the missives of being, they are the vessel of whatcan be sacred after the death of God. These (2) ways of being are the issuancesof being but, as what enables beings to appear, they are also in a way (3) beingitself. This seems contradictory only for what I call an onticology, i.e., anontology that only recognizes beings and so only has concepts, words, andDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692944 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerlogical rules appropriate to beings. A more appropriate ontology could accommodate the sameness in difference of the sendings and their sending. “What itgives us to think about, the gift it gives to us, is nothing less than itself – itselfwhich calls on us to enter thought ... . It entrusts thought to us as our essentialdestiny, and thus first joins and appropriates us to thought” (Heidegger, 1968,121). In this light, even the technological attitude that Heidegger presents insuch a negative light “is an ordaining of destining, as is every way of revealing”(Heidegger, 1993a, 330).A kind of dialectic forms between (2) the sendings and (3) their sending (and(1) the sent) where instead of each covering over the other, they can bring eachother into the light – or rather, both at the same time. We avoid understandingthe sendings as effects of an entity such as ourselves or God when we understand the sender to be nothing beyond or behind the sending itself.The leaping-off realm that we have in mind here is, according to the usualway of representing it, the history of Western thinking. In this thinking,beings, as manifoldly experienced in multifariously changing concepts andnames, are constantly and at every turn questioned with respect to their [2]being. In the history of this thinking and for it, being comes to shine forth ina certain manner, namely as [2] the being of beings. This shining forth givesa clue about [3] being as such. The clue yields a bit of information aboutbeing, according to which being is never first posited by human cognition[transcendental philosophy]. [3] Being proffers itself to humans in that itclearingly furnishes to beings as such [2] a temporal play-space. As sucha Geschick, being essentially comes to be as a self-revealing that at the sametime lasts as self-concealing. The history of Western thinking is based in theGeschick of being. (Heidegger, 1996a, 75, bracketed comments added)24The “temporal play-space,” epochal understanding of being, or historical clearing (basically the same thing) is what metaphysicians spell out – how beingsappear to people of that era and culture. Metaphysicians think their epoch’sunderstanding of being by capturing “the totality of beings as such with an eyeto their most universal traits” (Heidegger, 1998b, 287). This is what opens upand limits the temporary, temporal space of reason, setting the dimensionswithin which beings can appear, interact, and be thought and said for that epoch.Any explanation presupposes an understanding of how the world works,a bounded notion of what counts as a reasonable explanation and what doesn’t.A contemporary scientific explanation that appealed to divine intervention toaccount for observable phenomena would immediately disqualify itself;a medieval account could be disqualified for not doing so. Each understanding24 Here I follow the translators in leaving “Geschick” untranslated. It means “sending” with resonances of history and destiny as well.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 45of being has its own sense of what grounding is and can be, what can beconsidered a legitimate ground and what can’t. We don’t think in a vacuum orpure absoluteness but only within a conceptual whole that gives concepts theirsense. Since any explanation presupposes a framework that makes that explanation intelligible and plausible, relevant and legitimate, the explanation of itwould in turn require a larger framework, which would itself need explaining,and so on. There are periodic attempts to bring this to an end with some sort ofabsolute framework such as god or science or reality, but these are inevitablyexposed as presuppositions by later thinkers whose thought does not belong tothat way of thinking.Thus, any attempt to explain the sending of these ways of understanding mustemploy concepts belonging within one sending or another, e.g., that we thinkthe way we do because of our evolutionary development or because God createdour minds in His image. These explanations of our understanding take placewithin one or another understanding and so cannot get outside of all of them tosay something about them as a whole from a neutral point of view. The onlyreferees we can bring in to call the game play for one of the teams.Instead of drawing the skeptical conclusion that our thought is all ungroundedand thus illegitimate, we can read the same ideas in the other direction to drawthe opposite conclusion. We do have the capacity to explain phenomena in waysthat do illuminate and create understanding even though we cannot understandhow or why we understand.25 You can either focus on the fact that we cannotunderstand our understanding and get seized with cognitive nihilism and despair at the way all our explanations bottom out in groundless abysses, or on thefact that we can and have thought and explained and lived in a world supportedby nothing. “At the abyss, thinking finds no more ground. It falls into thebottomless, where nothing bears any longer. But must thinking necessarily beborne? ... Thinking can be borne in that it is suspended.”26 Thinking this bothrequires and helps bring about a new way of thinking by instituting a new way ofthinking of thinking. “This will be an abyss for thinking only of such a sort that25 I cannot help but think of Hume here, despite Heidegger’s rather pointed neglect of him, when hecomments on “the whimsical condition of mankind, who must act and reason and believe; thoughthey are not able, by their most diligent enquiry, to satisfy themselves concerning the foundationof these operations, or to remove the objections, which may be raised against them” (Hume,2007, 117). For an extended discussion of Hume as predecessor to Heidegger (and Wittgenstein),see Braver 2012b. 26 Heidegger, 2012a, 145. “Being, the never autochthonous, is the groundless. This seems to bea lack, though only if calculated in terms of beings, and it appears as an abyss in which wefounder without support in our relentless pursuit of beings. In fact we surely fall into the abyss,we find no ground, as long as we know and seek a ground only in the form of a being and hencenever carry out the leap into Being or leave the familiar landscape of the oblivion of Being. Thisleap requires no digressions or formalities” (Heidegger, 1998a, 150).Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692946 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerthinking as something transformed finds in this abyss a fitting realm for itself”(Heidegger, 2012a, 106). Thinking is by its very nature conditioned by theunderstanding it belongs to – “we have left behind us the presumption of allunconditionedness” (Heidegger, 2001, 179) – so the unconditioned, absolutethoughts whose lack we mourn is not a genuine possibility.Heidegger argues that not only is there no finally grounded ground, therecould be none. He reasons his way to the underside of reason.Being ‘is’ in essence: ground/reason.27 Therefore being can never first havea ground/reason which would supposedly ground it. Accordingly, ground/reason is missing from being. Ground/reason remains at a remove from being.Being ‘is’ the abyss [Abgrund] in the sense of such a remaining-apart of reasonfrom being. To the extent that being as such grounds, it remains groundless.(Heidegger, 1996a, 51)In fact, it is only groundless grounds that can ground us just as only heteronomycan give us ethical obligations and no-thing yield things. The ground of reasonmust be arational because it cannot supply the kind of grounding that reason itselfrequires. What we make of this, however, depends on how we think of thinking.Insofar as being essentially comes to be as ground/reason, it has no ground/reason. However this is not because it founds itself, but because every foundation – even and especially self-founded ones – remain inappropriate to being asground/reason ... . Being qua being remains ground-less ... . If we think aboutthis, and if we persist in such thinking, then we notice that we have leaped offfrom the realm of previous thinking and are in the leap. But do we not fall into thefathomless with this leap? Yes and no. Yes – insofar as being can no longer begiven a basis in the sense of beings and explained in terms of beings. No – insofaras being is now finally to be thought qua being. As what is to be thought, itbecomes, from out of its truth, what gives a measure. The manner in whichthinking thinks must conform to this measure. But it is not possible for us to seizeupon this measure and what it offers through a computing and gauging. For us itremains that which is immeasurable. However, so little does the leap allowthinking to fall into the fathomless in the sense of the complete void that in fact itfirst allows thinking to respond to being qua being, that is, to the truth of being.(Heidegger, 1996a, 111)Our understanding of being gives us the units of measurement for reasoning, soto speak; we do not have to take measures to create it, a creation which wouldhave to be done without rational criteria ex hypothesi.None of the sent concepts can apply to the sending itself and these areall we have. A quest for absolute rationality views this as a loss, but thecurtailing of explanation leads to the open-ended questioning of wonder.27 “Ground/reason” is the translator’s way of rendering “Grund,” which means both.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 47Wonder displaces man into and before beings as such ... . This displacementis beyond explanation, for all explanation here necessarily falls short andcomes too late, since it could only move within, and would have to appeal to,something that was first encountered as unconcealed in the displacement thatcasts asunder. All explanation is directed to some being, already unconcealed,from which alone an explanatory cause can drawn. (Heidegger, 1994a, 147)Each theory attempts to bring inquiry to a conclusion, but looking at them fromthe perspective of history’s incommensurable multiplicity shows each one asperpetuating the seeking – in its very attempt to draw the process to a close.Hegel found this to be the lesson history teaches us when we see every thinkershaking their head at how unwittingly misguided all previous thinkers havebeen, yet utterly convinced that this unceasing pattern will not fall upon them.The broad overview of history shows us what no conviction in the final truthof any single view can see – the generous fertility of reality that generates somany different ways of thinking about it.28No wonder then that we no longer notice at all the unheard-of sense of thissentence “being is,” much less are touched by it to the point where our entirenature is so shaken that it will never again be the same. Through the centuriesthis sentence, in many vagrant variations and in many ways has, explicitly ortacitly, been and remained the leading theme of thinking ... . And yet the daymay come when someone will find the sentence astonishing nonetheless, andwill notice that all the centuries that have passed away have not been able todiminish it – that unbeknownst to us it has remained as problematical as ever.(Heidegger, 1968, 179–180)Aristotle nailed it early on – being is said in many ways, he just could not haveforeseen that it could and would be said in innumerably many more. Graspingand celebrating that rich fecundity is what brings Heidegger to embrace aporiasinstead of seeking for them to be solved, to maintain questioning as an attituderather than a preliminary phase to be resolved.Dwelling and meditating on this marvel can restore to us some of themeaningfulness that religion gave the medievals – it can fill us with awe, giveus direction and purpose, make life significant and worth living. It can battlenihilism not by shining the light of reason on everything, but by protecting thedarkness.The provenance of the basic principles of thinking, the place of the thinkingthat posits these propositions, the essence of the place named here and of itslocation, all of this remains veiled in the dark for us. This darkness is perhaps28 This may explain the limitation Heidegger often places on the Greeks’ insights, otherwise sodeep: as the beginners, they did not have access to the insights that a history of diverse views cangive.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692948 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerin play for all thinking at all times. Humans cannot set it aside. Rather theymust learn to acknowledge the dark as something unavoidable and to keep atbay those prejudices that would destroy the lofty reign of the dark. Thus thedark remains distinct from the pitch-black as the mere and utter absence oflight. The dark, however, is the secret of the light. (Heidegger, 2012a, 88)Philosophy’s faith in the universal reach of reason makes it encompass allwithin our measure. This does not expand us out to the cosmos but shrinksthe universe down to the size and shape of our thoughts and desires, leading toa diminished sense of who we are and what there is. But “releasement towardthings and openness to the mystery ... grant us the possibility of dwelling in theworld in a totally different way” (Heidegger, 1966, 55).This is the ethical side of epochal destiny of thinking, providing us with a wayof dwelling, of being at home on this earth we were thrown into, of living infamilies and communities, of celebrating festivals and commemorating death.This overcomes nihilism and “gives back to things, to beings, their weight(Being)” (Heidegger, 2014b, 12). We make a home of this earth by embracingthe traditions we find ourselves within, not by trying to create ourselves exnihilo or choosing only what satisfies our drives. Our thrownness into anunderstanding of being eliminates both the possibility of absolute justificationand at the same time, any need for such reassurance. The fact that from theperspective of the history of being no particular understanding can claimabsolute truth does not make them equal to us. We are thrown into our particularunderstanding which gives it greater influence on our thinking than the deadoptions of earlier periods. A deep appreciation of thrownness takes both absolute foundationalism and relativism off the table at a stroke, for these epochalunderstandings of being, temporary as they may be, do in fact organize ourthinking authoritatively. This is how we think.Conclusion: Thinking in QuestionWhat is called thinking? We must guard against the blind urge to snatch at a quickanswer in the form of a formula. We must stay with the question.Heidegger, What Is Called Thinking?, 48Thinking Is Changing. Ever since Socrates challenged his fellow Athenians tothink for themselves, philosophers have sought intellectual independence byusing thought to separate themselves from anything that could impinge on theirautonomy – society, tradition, the body, senses, emotions. The attempt tounderstand the world has not been, or has not only been, a sober seeking ofdisinterested knowledge but a drive toward control and power. Heideggerargues that science is a form of technology rather than the other way around;Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 49where technological devices make over the world to make it more conducive toour actions, he sees science as a kind of intellectual tool for making realityconform to our ways of understanding. The practical mastery over nature thattechnology gives us is a secondary echo of this initiating a priori reduction of thereal to the rational. Whatever doesn’t fit our preconceived demands gets dismissed as unreal, merely subjective.29Today a world dominates in which the decisive question runs: How do I haveto represent nature in the sequence of its appearances to myself, so that I am ina position to make secure predictions about all and everything? The answer tothis question is that it is compulsory to represent nature as a totality of energyparticles of existing mass, the reciprocal movements of which are to bemathematically calculable. Descartes already says to the piece of wax thathe holds before his eyes: “You are nothing other than an extended, flexible,and mutable thing,” and thus I proclaim myself to know everything about youthat there is to know of you. (Heidegger, 2003, 8)We inflate our knowledge by shrinking that which we seek to know down tothose features that are knowable by us. Thus, “modern man, Cartesian man, sesolum alloquendo, only talks to himself” because “the object is constituted byrepresentation. The representation, namely, that is prior in regards to the object,posits the object across from it, in such a way that the object is never able to firstpresence from itself” (Heidegger, 2003, 37, 72).This is how Kant’s transcendental philosophy guarantees science, purchasingthe total knowability of everything at the price of giving up anything that couldever be beyond us.30 The epistemological quest to understand all there is restson the anthropocentric equation that identifies making sense with making senseto us, acknowledging in principle only the standards we deign to recognize as“man fights for the position in which he can be that being who gives to everybeing the measure and draws up the guidelines” (Heidegger, 2002b, 71).Thinking then becomes a Procrustean bed that cuts off whatever does not fitcontemporary notions of thinkability. Unthinkable aporias can be nothing morethan temporary problems to be dissolved by their solutions.Ironically, the effect of this attempted absorption of reality is to alienate usfrom the world as it becomes an object and ourselves as mortals born to the earthwho become subjects, as our attempt to get what we want drives away thatwhich we want most. You cannot have a belonging with that which belongs toyou; giving birth to yourself may create a tremendous sense of power, but it also29 “If one is oriented primarily by Thinghood, these latter qualities [like beautiful or useful] must betaken as non-quantifiable value-predicates by which what is in the first instance just a materialThing, gets stamped” (Heidegger, 1962, 132/99, bracketed comment added). 30 On this, see Braver 2012a, 2013a, 2015a, 2017, 2020, 2024a.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692950 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggertakes away the possibility of having a family. The view of rationality that hasbeen common in philosophy, Heidegger concludes, bears the seeds of nihilismwithin itself.The unique unleashing of the demand to render reasons threatens everythingof humans’ being-at-home and robs them of the roots of their subsistence, theroots from out of which every great human age, every world-opening spirit,every molding of the human form has thus far grown .... The claim of themighty Principle of rendering reasons [i.e., the Principle of Reason thateverything has a reason and thus can and must be rationally judged] withdraws the subsistence from contemporary humanity. We could also say thatthe more decisively humans try to harness the “mega-energies” that would,once and for all, satisfy all human energy needs, the more impoverishedbecomes the human faculty for building and dwelling in the realm of what isessential. There is an enigmatic interconnection between the demand torender reasons and the withdrawal of roots. (Heidegger, 1996a, 30–31,bracketed comment added)Protecting mystery as mystery by not demanding that it account for itselfbefore the tribunal of our reason, on the other hand, keeps open the space forwhat exceeds the grasp of our intellect. There must be something before andunderneath us if we are to stand and take sustenance: “I know that, accordingto our human experience and history, everything essential and great hasarisen solely out of the fact that humans had a home and were rooted ina tradition” (Heidegger, 2009b, 325). So many centuries later, we mustrecollect Socrates’ epistemic humility that maintains that the only knowledge we can have is that we cannot have any knowledge – nothing final,nothing absolute, nothing that conclusively closes off and closes downfurther questioning.Thinking historically about the historical thinking of being changes the waywe look at it. We come to see it not as a series of eternal statements trying tosettle issues definitively, each one ending in despair as it gets put aside in favorof a new timeless theory. Instead, it looks like philosophers coming together todiscuss the many ways that being speaks to them, collectively collaborating ina sempiternal dialogue on how being variously appears throughout time. TheWestern tradition as a whole becomes a Socratic, aporetic, open-ended dialoguewhere we help each other to a wisdom that cannot be separated from profoundignorance rather than a Platonic monologue-with-pliable-audience whose purpose is to ascend the crowd of squabbling doxa to the one true transcendentepisteme. The latter is an attempt to escape death in a realm of timeless thought,whereas the former is a cheerful acceptance of our mortality, of the temporalityand hence temporariness of all of our views.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 51Heidegger accepted this mortal wisdom for himself, dramatically altering hisown writing and thought when that which is thought speaks differently to him.“When thinking is addressed by an issue and then goes after this, it can happenthat it changes along the way. Thus it is advisable in what follows to attend moreto the path and less to the content” (Heidegger, 2012a, 108). We must attend tothe path not because it is more important than the content but because it is thecontent of thinking, hence the epigraph of his collected writings: ways, notworks. What matters are not works or Truth, but working toward truths, thinkingabout being as it unconceals itself to us. Unlike the subject determining themeasure, “as what is to be thought, [being qua being] becomes, from out of itstruth, what gives a measure. The manner in which thinking thinks must conformto this measure” (Heidegger, 1996a, 111). We co-respond to these revealings inwhatever way seems best at the time, not by fixing a vocabulary or set ofconcepts in place but by listening and responding to that experience, thatreading of a text. “For the author himself, however, there remains the quandaryof always having to speak in the language most opportune for each of thevarious stations on his way” (Heidegger, 1993a, 211–212). Heidegger continually tried to say being and he continually said it differently, as did the tradition,just as Cézanne repeatedly painted the same mountain and yet never painted thesame mountain twice.As we have seen, Heidegger repeatedly read his own earlier works in newways when he went back to them. This is also how he read the canon, as he saysin a very late interview that traditional philosophyhas come to an end, but it has not become null and void for us; rather, it hasbecome newly present through dialogue. My entire work in lectures andexercises in the past thirty years was mainly just an interpretation ofWestern philosophy. The return to the historical foundations of thought, thethinking-through of the questions that have remained unasked since the timeof Greek philosophy, that is no severance from the tradition. (Heidegger,2009b, 328)His work consists in a dialogue with the tradition, both because that is what hethinks from and because that is what he is trying to think away from. “Our ownway derives from such thinking. It therefore remains necessarily bound toa dialogue with traditional thinking. And since our way is concerned withthinking for the specific purpose of learning it, the dialogue must discuss thenature of traditional thinking” (Heidegger, 1968, 55). Yet this attempt to getaway must itself be thought anew or else it does not actually get away from it;even a contradiction or denial of the tradition just collapses into an extension ofthe same way of thinking since contradictions form part of standard logic. HisDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692952 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerdialogical way of reading these works does something different from merelyrepeating them faithfully or imposing his own views on them; it renders them“newly present.” This escapes the binary options standard logic offers, offeringHeidegger a new way to be new, a different way to differ from the past thatneither simply continues nor rebels against it.Heidegger finds what exceeds us within the very tradition that seems intent onstamping out anything in principle beyond us, as his reading in this unheard-ofway uncovers previously unheard ideas in familiar, canonical texts. They aretextually grounded, but the text turns out to be polysemous, capable of sayingmore than we usually credit.The thinkers’ language tells what is. To hear it is in no case easy ... . Toacknowledge and respect consists in letting every thinker’s thought come tous as something in each case unique, never to be repeated, inexhaustible – andbeing shaken to the depths by what is unthought in his thought. What isunthought in a thinker’s thought is not a lack inherent in his thought. What isun-thought is there in each case only as the un-thought. (Heidegger, 1968, 76)Other thoughts can be found there if we allow ourselves new conceptions ofwhat it means to be there, conceptions that fall outside the confines of thenormal present-absent contraries.He finds in these seemingly well-known works ideas that help him think hisown topics, and the very fact that he can find these alternate readings is part ofthis help. Showing that great texts say more than any reading, even that of theirauthor, can ever exhaust helps loosen the grip of the notion that we the subjectare in complete charge of our thought. This is one of the wayslanguage speaks, not humans. Humans only speak inasmuch as they respondto language on the basis of the Geschick ... . Polysemy is always an historicalpolysemy. It springs from the fact that in the speaking of language weourselves are at times, according to the Geschick of being, struck, thatmeans addressed, differently by the being of beings. (Heidegger, 1996a, 96)31Just as being addresses us differently in different epochs through diverseunderstandings of being, so are those dictations of being – the great metaphysical texts – always read anew.It would be silly to say the medieval theologians misunderstood Aristotle;rather, they understood him differently, responding to the different manner inwhich being proffered itself to them. Then again, the Geschick of being isdifferent for Kant. A different understanding becomes a misunderstanding onlywhere it comes to a peak in a uniquely possible truth and simultaneously issubsumed under the order of what is to be understood. (Heidegger, 1996a, 79)31 On polysemy, see Braver 2022, 2023a.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 53The metaphysicians each heard being speaking to them in a different way, andeach read the way previous metaphysicians had heard being in a different way.This is how a dialogue with the tradition can render it “newly present” – newideas within it are present in a new way. This is especially important since theseunderstandings of being are not writings about being so much as writings ofbeing. They are the way that being manifests itself to thought, so acknowledgingthat there is more to being than we can know or circumscribe means, on the onehand, that we cannot predict what new epochs will bring in the future, but it alsomeans that we cannot exhaustively determine what any epochal being was in thepast. Indeed, this very way of reading shakes up the traditional temporal tenses,a long-time project of Heidegger’s.People still hold the view that what is handed down to us by tradition is whatin reality lies behind us – while in fact it comes toward us because we are itscaptives and destined to it. The purely historical view of tradition and thecourse of history is one of those vast self-deceptions in which we must remainentangled as long as we are still not really thinking. That self-deception abouthistory prevents us from hearing the language of the thinkers. We do not hearit rightly, because we take that language to be mere expression, setting forthphilosophers’ views. (Heidegger, 1968, 76)A dialogue with the tradition renders it newly present by bringing it to us withina new kind of present, one that integrates past and future rather than excluding them.Despite Plato’s stated attempts to surpass doxa to reach episteme within hisdialogues, we can find a different model of thinking in the dialogue form of hiswritings itself. Attending to this, we should not fixate on any results or propositions. After all, “if we take up one of Plato’s dialogues, and scrutinize and judgeits ‘content’ ... not a single one of Plato’s dialogues arrives at a palpable,unequivocal result which sound common sense could, as the saying goes, holdon to” (ibid., 71). No, the ultimate lesson we learn from Plato’s dialogues is howto think as an ongoing, open-ended dialogue, for this is how his works actuallyoccurred in history – generating new readings and interpretations generationafter generation.There is no universal schema which could be applied mechanically to theinterpretation of the writings of thinkers, or even to a single work of a singlethinker. A dialogue of Plato – the Phaedrus, for example, the conversation onBeauty – can be interpreted in totally different spheres and respects, according to totally different implications and problematics. This multiplicity ofpossible interpretations does not discredit the strictness of the thought content. For all true thought remains open to more than one interpretation – andthis by reason of its nature ... . Multiplicity of meanings is the element inwhich all thought must move in order to be strict thought. (ibid.)Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692954 The Philosophy of Martin HeideggerWe can briefly read this rereadability in Kant. Kant deserves a primary placein the history of being proposed for Part Two of Being and Time because he was“the first and only person who has gone any stretch of the way towardsinvestigating the dimension of Temporality,” in particular in regards to “thequestion whether and to what extent the Interpretation of Being and the phenomenon of time have been brought together thematically in the course of thehistory of ontology” (Heidegger, 1962, 45/23). He is also, uncoincidentally inmy view, the philosopher who introduced the hermeneutic right to read newideas in old texts even if those ideas conflict with the text’s surface sense. This isbecause we can understand an author “even better than he understood himself”since the author “sometimes spoke, or even thought, contrary to his ownintention” (Kant, 1999, A314/B370).32 In other words, we can find their unsaidwithin what they said. Kant can be read as both creating the modern, subjectcentered thinking where, as Deleuze sums up his thought, “the first thing that theCopernican Revolution teaches us is that it is we who are giving the orders”(Deleuze, 1984, 14), and at the same time as offering us ways to think that canhelp us escape it.The first Critique opens on the inescapable way that “reason falls into thisperplexity” by being “burdened with questions which it cannot dismiss ... butwhich it also cannot answer, since they transcend every capacity of humanreason” (Kant, 1999, Avii). The destiny of our thought is to think what it cannotgenuinely, fully think and certainly cannot know; even the success of Kant’scritical project cannot dispel the violating ideas it warns us against. We arefated, as Heidegger also says, to think in an abyss that we cannot bear but whichmay bear us. “The unconditioned necessity, which we need so indispensably asthe ultimate sustainer of all things, is for human reason the true abyss ... . Onecannot resist the thought of it, but one also cannot bear it” (ibid., A613/B641,see also A296/B353–A298/B355). When he introduced these transcendentIdeas into his discussion, he found himself without an appropriate vocabulary,like Heidegger in the Introduction to Being and Time, and looked to the traditionfor help in saying and thinking what he wanted since we do not have the powerto dictate to language. He uses ideas he finds in the canon – here, Plato’s Ideas –differently than their author did – a violent interpretation.3332 On this rereading of Kant, see Braver 2021, 2023b. The reading given here of Kant is mine, notHeidegger’s, but it uses what I take to be a Heideggerian hermeneutical approach. 33 “In the great wealth of our languages, the thinking mind nevertheless often finds itself at a lossfor an expression that exactly suits its concept, and lacking this it is able to make itself rightlyintelligible neither to others nor even to itself. Coining new words is a presumption to legislate inlanguage that rarely succeeds, and before we have recourse to this dubious means it is advisableto look around in a dead and learned language to see if an expression occurs in it that is suitable toDownloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Heidegger on Thinking 55He reaches the same conclusion in his moral philosophy, as the Groundingends when it locates “the extreme limit of all moral inquiry.” We cannot claimknowledge of the intelligible self from whom we get our moral law, nor how wecan, nor why we do, follow the law. The only way to make such mattersintelligible would be to bring them within the phenomenal realm of causalexplanation which would eliminate the very qualities of free morality we seek toexplain. Nor, however, can we simply pass the matter over in silence as a sheerunintelligible mystery. Instead, the moral that the final lines of the book leave uswith is that we must think its unthinkability. “And so even though we do notindeed grasp the practical unconditioned necessity of the moral imperative, wedo nevertheless grasp its inconceivability. This is all that can be fairly asked ofa philosophy which strives in its principles to reach the very limit of humanreason” (Kant, 2010, 61–62). Rather than resting with a conclusive answer, theinconceivable is what drives us to continue thinking. “The satisfaction of reasonis only further and further postponed by the continual inquiry after the condition. Reason, therefore, restlessly seeks the unconditionally necessary and seesitself compelled to assume this without having any means of making suchnecessity conceivable” (ibid., 62). The great thinker of the Enlightenment isat the same time a deep diver of inconceivable, unending abysses. We can readthis other side of him because there only exist the various phenomenal readingswhich are true by unconcealing previously unseen meanings rather than bycorresponding to some one unwaveringly unambiguous interpretation heldwithin a “Kant in himself” (Heidegger, 1997b, 175).While such a “violent Heideggerian interpretation” is often seen as an arrogant imposition of his own thoughts onto the thinkers he reads, he describes it as“an attempt to question what has not been said, instead of writing in a fixed wayabout what Kant said” (ibid.). His readings resemble Nietzsche’s philosophizing with a hammer (the subtitle of Twilight of the Idols) which, instead ofsmashing things apart, is a tapping with a tuning fork. Where Nietzsche waslistening for hollowness, Heidegger opens himself up to faint echoes resonatingbeneath the louder, more obvious interpretations. This sensitive attentiveness ishow phenomenology philosophizes, how poets write, and ultimately how allcareful thought thinks – by responding – but we can either go with ourthis concept; and even if the ancient use of this expression has become somewhat unsteady owingto the inattentiveness of its authors, it is better to fix on the meaning that is proper to it (even if it isdoubtful whether it always had exactly this sense) than to ruin our enterprise by makingourselves unintelligible” (Kant, 1999, A312/B568-9). Kant acknowledges that Plato’s Ideagoes counter to his own in many ways but “the lofty language that served him in this field issurely quite susceptible of a milder interpretation, and one that accords better with the nature ofthings” (ibid., A314/B371 note). Kant does not hesitate to adapt Plato’s terms and Ideas to hisown project.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692956 The Philosophy of Martin Heideggerimmediate surface response or keep listening for what else can be heard.Studying history helps us be patiently open to alternatives by displaying thevariety of readings that great works have given rise to.Since there is always more to learn, true thinkers are not those who havearrived at finished views in need of no revision but rather those who know howto perpetually learn. “The teacher must be capable of being more teachable thanthe apprentices. The teacher is far less assured of his ground than those wholearn are of theirs” (Heidegger, 1968, 15). This openness, this listening, thisperpetual openness to learning is the one true lesson that is always taught nomatter what the subject matter since all teaching must to some degree teach thestudent how to learn the lesson. “The real teacher, in fact, lets nothing else belearned than – learning” (ibid.). This is particularly relevant in learning ourtopic, thinking, since thinking is nothing other than this. “We are here attempting to learn thinking ... . To learn means to make everything we do answer towhatever essentials address themselves to us at a given time. Depending on thekind of essentials, depending on the realm from which they address us, theanswer and with it the kind of learning differs” (ibid., 14). This is a lesson wecan learn from Kant – from a certain rereading of Kant. Heidegger definesKant’s greatest lesson as “precisely a question of becoming certain of thisfinitude in order to hold oneself in it” (Heidegger, 1997b, 152). Despite hisassurances that he has definitively determined all transcendental faculties onceand for all, Kant also teaches us that we are thrown into the very structures ofthinking and acting that enable us to be spontaneous, that we can neither act onthe ultimate source of our actions nor know the fundamental reasons of ourknowledge. He builds his foundation on an abyss which we stare into every timewe think – an abyss that “stares back into you,” as Nietzsche puts it (Nietzsche,2001a, 146), but from which most of us avert our gaze. Plato’s dialogues taughtus to be open to what we hear. Aristotle’s analysis of crafts showed us how to beattentive to the particularities of each situation and that you learn these byrepeatedly doing them, a kind of learning and knowing that is intrinsicallybound up with time. This last point is especially salient for us as “we are tryingto learn thinking ... . It is a craft” (Heidegger, 1968, 16).Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929BibliographyAristotle (1988) A New Aristotle Reader. Princeton University Press.Aristotle (2019) Nicomachean Ethics. Third edition. Translated by T. Irwin.Hackett Publishing.Blattner, W. D. (1999) Heidegger’s Temporal Idealism. Cambridge UniversityPress.Braver, L. (2007) A Thing of This World: A History of Continental Anti-realism.Northwestern University Press.Braver, L. (2012a) “A Brief History of Continental Realism.” ContinentalPhilosophy Review, 45(2), 261–289. doi: https://doi.org/10.1007/s11007-012-9220-2.Braver, L. (2012b) Groundless Grounds: A Study of Wittgenstein andHeidegger. Massachusetts Institute of Technology Press.Braver, L. (2013a) “On Not Settling the Question of Realism.” In Michael Austin,Paul J. Ennis, Fabio Gironi, Thomas Gokey, and Robert Jackson, eds.,Speculations IV: Speculative Realism, pp. 9–14. Punctum Books.Braver, L. (2013b) “Never Mind: Thinking of Subjectivity in the DreyfusMcDowell Debate.” In J. K. Schear, ed., Mind, Reason, and Being-in-theWorld: The McDowell-Dreyfus Debate. Routledge, pp. 143–62.Braver, L. (2014) Heidegger: Thinking of Being. Polity Press (KeyContemporary Thinkers).Braver, L. (2015a) “Thoughts on the Unthinkable.” Parrhesia: A Journal ofCritical Philosophy, 24 (December), pp. 1–16.Braver, L. (2015b) Division III of Heidegger’s Being and Time: TheUnanswered Question of Being. Massachusetts Institute of Technology Press.Braver, L. (2017) “Before Infinitude: A Levinasian Response to Meillassoux’sSpeculative Realism.” In Marie-Eve Morin, ed., Continental Realism and ItsDiscontents, pp. 59–80. Edinburgh University Press.Braver, L. (2020) “The Real Scandal.” In Gregor Kroupa and Jure Simoniti,eds., New Realism and Contemporary Philosophy, pp. 85–98. Bloomsbury.Braver, L. (2021) “Introduction: Why (Heidegger) Scholarship Is Generational.”Gatherings: The Heidegger Circle Annual, 11, pp. 1–19.Braver, L. (2022) “How to Say the Same Thing: Heidegger’s Vocabulary andGrammar of Being.” Review of Metaphysics, 75(3), pp. 525–559.Braver, L. (2023a) “Eternal Return Hermeneutics in Nietzsche, Heidegger, andDerrida.” Open Philosophy, 6(1). doi: https://doi.org/10.1515/opphil-2022-0267.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692958 BibliographyBraver, L. (2023b) “Derrida’s Donner – le temps Session 6: What ThisPreviously Unpublished Session Teaches Us about Given Time: I.” OpenPhilosophy, 6(1), pp. 20220271. https://doi.org/10.1515/opphil-2022-0271.Braver, L. (2024a) “What Does the Spoon Taste? Heideggerian Epistemologyand Speculative Realism.” In Charles Johns and Hilan Bensusan, eds.,Speculative Realism Today. Bloomsbury.Braver, L. (2024b) “Nothing Matters: Heidegger on Nietzsche on Nihilism.” InKevin Aho, Megan Altman, and Hans Pedersen, eds., The RoutledgeHandbook of Contemporary Existentialism. Routledge, pp. 302–14.Brooks, R. A. (1991) “Intelligence without Representation,” ArtificialIntelligence, 47(1), pp. 139–159.Carman, T. (2007) Heidegger’s Analytic: Interpretation, Discourse andAuthenticity in Being and Time. Cambridge University Press.Clark, A. (1998) Being There: Putting Brain, Body, and World Together Again.Massachusetts Institute of Technology Press.Cottingham, J., Stoothoff, R., and Murdoch, D., eds. (2013) The PhilosophicalWritings of Descartes: Volume 1. Cambridge University Press.Crowell, S. G., and Malpas, J. (2007) Transcendental Heidegger. StanfordUniversity Press.Damasio, A. (2005) Descartes’ Error: Emotion, Reason, and the Human Brain.Penguin Books.Deleuze, G. (1984) Kant’s Critical Philosophy. University of Minnesota Press.Dreyfus, H. L. (1986) Mind over Machine: The Power of Human Intuition andExpertise in the Era of the Computer. Free Press.Dreyfus, H. L. (1991) Being-in-the-World: A Commentary on Heidegger’sBeing and Time, Division I. Massachusetts Institute of Technology Press.Dreyfus, H. L. (1992) What Computers Still Can’t Do: A Critique of ArtificialReason. Massachusetts Institute of Technology Press.Dreyfus, H. L. (1996) “The Current Relevance of Merleau-Ponty’sPhenomenology of Embodiment,” The Electronic Journal of AnalyticPhilosophy, 4(4), pp. 1–16.Dreyfus, H. L. (1999) “The Primacy of Phenomenology over LogicalAnalysis,” Philosophical Topics, 27(2), pp. 3–24.Dreyfus, H. L. (2000) “Merleau-Ponty’s Critique of Husserl’s (and Searle’s)Concept of Intentionality.” In Dorothea Olkowski and Lawrence Hass, eds.,Rereading Merleau-Ponty: Essays beyond the Continental-Analytic Divide,pp. 33–52. Humanity Books.Dreyfus, H. L. (2004) “Could Anything be More Intelligible Than EverydayIntelligibility? Reinterpreting Division I of Being and Time in the Light ofDivision II.” Bulletin of Science Technology & Society, 24(3), pp. 265–274.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Bibliography 59Dreyfus, H. L. (2005) “Overcoming the Myth of the Mental: How PhilosophersCan Profit from the Phenomenology of Everyday Expertise,” Proceedingsand Addresses of the American Philosophical Association, 79(2), pp. 47–65.Dreyfus, H. L. (2007a) “Response to McDowell,” Inquiry, 50(4), pp. 371–377.Dreyfus, H. L. (2007b) “The Return of the Myth of the Mental,” Inquiry, 50(4),pp. 352–365.Guignon, C. B. (1983) Heidegger and the Problem of Knowledge. HackettPublishing.Haugeland, J. (1985) Artificial Intelligence: The Very Idea. MassachusettsInstitute of Technology Press.Haugeland, J. (1998) Having Thought: Essays in the Metaphysics of Mind.Harvard University Press.Heidegger, M. (1962) Being and Time. Harper & Row.Heidegger, M. (1966) Discourse on Thinking. Harper & Row.Heidegger, M. (1968) What Is Called Thinking? First edition. Harper & Row(Religious Perspectives, vol. 21).Heidegger, M. (1972) On Time and Being. Harper & Row.Heidegger, M. (1977) The Question Concerning Technology, and Other Essays.First edition. Translated by W. Lovitt. Harper & Row (Harper ColophonBooks).Heidegger, M. (1979) Nietzsche. First edition. Harper & Row.Heidegger, M. (1984a) Early Greek Thinking. Harper & Row.Heidegger, M. (1984b) The Metaphysical Foundations of Logic. IndianaUniversity Press.Heidegger, M. (1985) History of the Concept of Time: Prolegomena. IndianaUniversity Press (Studies in Phenomenology and Existential Philosophy).Heidegger, M. (1988) The Basic Problems of Phenomenology. Second edition.Indiana University Press (Studies in Phenomenology and ExistentialPhilosophy).Heidegger, M. (1993) Basic Writings: from Being and Time (1927) to The Taskof Thinking (1964). Revised and expanded edition. HarperSanFrancisco.Heidegger, M. (1994) Basic Questions of Philosophy Selected “Problems” of“Logic.” Indiana University Press.Heidegger, M. (1996a) The Principle of Reason. Indiana University Press.Heidegger, M. (1996b) Hölderlin’s Hymn “The Ister.” Indiana University Press.Heidegger, M. (1997a) Phenomenological Interpretation of Kant’s Critique ofPure Reason. Indiana University Press.Heidegger, M. (1997b). Kant and the Problem of Metaphysics, Fifth Edition,Enlarged. Indiana University Press. doi: https://doi.org/10.2307/j.ctvswx7ww.Heidegger, M. (1998a) Parmenides. Indiana University Press.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/978100946692960 BibliographyHeidegger, M. (1998b) Pathmarks. Cambridge University Press.Heidegger, M. (2001) Poetry, Language, Thought. Perennial Classics.Heidegger, M. (2002a) Identity and Difference. University of Chicago Press.Heidegger, M. (2002b) Off the Beaten Track. Cambridge University Press.Heidegger, M. (2003) Four Seminars. Indiana University Press (Studies inContinental Thought).Heidegger, M. (2005) Introduction to Phenomenological Research. IndianaUniversity Press.Heidegger, M. (2009a) Basic Concepts of Aristotelian Philosophy. IndianaUniversity Press (Studies in Continental Thought).Heidegger, M. (2009b) The Heidegger Reader. Indiana University Press(Studies in Continental Thought).Heidegger, M. (2012a) Bremen and Freiburg Lectures Insight into That WhichIs and Basic Principles of Thinking. Bloomington: Indiana University Press(Studies in Continental Thought).Heidegger, M. (2012b) Contributions to Philosophy (of the Event). IndianaUniversity Press (Studies in Continental Thought).Heidegger, M. (2013) The Essence of Truth: On Plato’s Cave Allegory andTheaetetus. Bloomsbury Academic.Heidegger, M. (2014a) Hölderlin’s Hymns “Germania” and “The Rhine.”Indiana University Press (Studies in Continental Thought).Heidegger, M. (2014b) Introduction to Metaphysics. Second edition. YaleUniversity Press.Heidegger, M. (2015) The Beginning of Western Philosophy: Interpretation ofAnaximander and Parmenides. Indiana University Press.Heidegger, M. (2018) Hölderlin’s Hymn “Remembrance.” Indiana UniversityPress (Studies in Continental Thought).Heidegger, M., McNeill, W., and Walker, N. (1995) The Fundamental Conceptsof Metaphysics: World, Finitude, Solitude. Indiana University Press.Hume, D., and Steinberg, E. (1993) An Enquiry Concerning HumanUnderstanding ; [with] A Letter from a Gentleman to His Friend inEdinburgh ; [and] An Abstract of a Treatise of Human Nature. HackettPublishing.Kant, I. (1999). Critique of Pure Reason. Edited by Paul Guyer and AllenW. Wood. . Cambridge: Cambridge University Press.Kant, I. (2010) Grounding for the Metaphysics of Morals on a Supposed Rightto Lie Because of Philanthropic Concerns. Third ed. Indianapolis: HackettPublishing (Hackett Classics Series).Kiverstein, J., and Wheeler, M. (2012) Heidegger and Cognitive Science.Palgrave Macmillan (New Directions in Philosophy and Cognitive Science).Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Bibliography 61Nietzsche, F. (1968) The Will to Power. Knopf Doubleday Publishing Group.Nietzsche, F. (2001b) The Gay Science, ed. Bernard Williams, trans. JosefineNauckhoff. Cambridge University Press.Nietzsche, F. (2006) Nietzsche: Thus Spoke Zarathustra. First Edition. Editedby R. Pippin. Translated by A.D. Caro. Cambridge University Press.Nietzsche, F., and Norman, J. (2001a) Beyond Good and Evil: Prelude toa Philosophy of the Future. Edited by R.-P. Horstmann. CambridgeUniversity Press.Okrent, M. (1988) Heidegger’s Pragmatism: Understanding, Being, and theCritique of Metaphysics. Cornell University Press.Plato (2002) Plato: Five Dialogues: Euthyphro, Apology, Crito, Meno, Phaedo.Hackett Publishing.Richardson, J. (1991) Existential Epistemology: A Heideggerian Critique of theCartesian Project. Clarendon Press.Rorty, R. (1979) Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature. Princeton: UniversityPress.Rorty, R. (1982) Consequences of Pragmatism: Essays, 1972–1980.Minneapolis: University of Minnesota Press.Rorty, R. (1991) Essays on Heidegger and Others. Cambridge: University Press(Philosophical Papers, v. 2).Winograd, T., and Flores, F. (1986) Understanding Computers and Cognition:A New Foundation for Design. Ablex Publishing (Language and Being).Wittgenstein, L. (2010) Philosophical Investigations. John Wiley & Sons.Woessner, M. (2010) Heidegger in America. Cambridge University Press.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929The Philosophy of Martin HeideggerAbout the EditorsFilippo CasatiLehigh UniversityFilippo Casati is an Assistant Professor at Lehigh University. He has published anarray of articles in such venues as The British Journal for the History of Philosophy, Synthese,Logic et Analyse, Philosophia, Philosophy Compass and The European Journal of Philosophy.He is the author of Heidegger and the Contradiction of Being (Routledge) and, with DanielO. Dahlstrom, he edited Heidegger on Logic (Cambridge University Press).Daniel O. DahlstromBoston UniversityDaniel O. Dahlstrom, John R. Silber Professor of Philosophy at Boston University, has editedtwenty volumes, translated Mendelssohn, Schiller, Hegel, Husserl, Heidegger, andLandmann-Kalischer, and authored Heidegger’s Concept of Truth (2001), The HeideggerDictionary (2013; second extensively expanded edition, 2023), Identity, Authenticity, andHumility (2017) and over 185 essays, principally on 18th–20th century German philosophy.With Filippo Casati, he edited Heidegger on Logic (Cambridge University Press).About the SeriesA continual source of inspiration and controversy, the work of Martin Heidegger challengesthinkers across traditions and has opened up previously unexplored dimensions ofWestern thinking. The Elements in this series critically examine the continuing impactand promise of a thinker who transformed early twentieth-century phenomenology,spawned existentialism, gave new life to hermeneutics, celebrated the truthfulness of artand poetry, uncovered the hidden meaning of language and being, warned of“forgetting” being, and exposed the ominously deep roots of the essence of moderntechnology in Western metaphysics. Concise and structured overviews of Heidegger’sphilosophy offer original and clarifying approaches to the major themes of Heidegger’swork, with fresh and provocative perspectives on its significance for contemporarythinking and existence.Downloaded fromhttps://www.cambridge.org/core. IP address:108.14.83.103, on10 Dec 2024 at 15:03:54, subject to the Cambridge Core terms ofuse, available athttps://www.cambridge.org/core/terms.https://doi.org/10.1017/9781009466929The Philosophy of Martin HeideggerElements in the SeriesHeidegger on Being AffectedKatherine WithyHeidegger on Eastern/Asian ThoughtLin MaHeidegger on Poetic ThinkingCharles BambachHeidegger’s Concept of SciencePaul GoldbergHeidegger on ReligionBenjamin D. CroweHeidegger on ThinkingLee BraverA full series listing is available at: www.cambridge.org/EPMH</body></html>